aabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
aabutan	abot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aabutin	abot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aaksayahin	aksaya	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
aakyatan	akyat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aakyatin	akyat	Indicative-OF/DF-Cont.
aalagaan	alaga'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aalalahanin	alala	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aalalahanin	alala	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aalamin	alam	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
aalisan	alis	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aalisin	alis	Indicative-OF-Cont.
aasa	asa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
aasahan	asa	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aawayin	away	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aayusan	ayos	Indicative-DF-Cont.
aayusin	ayos	Indicative-OF-Cont.
abot	abot	INFINITIVE
abutan	abot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
abutin	abot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
aksaya	aksaya	INFINITIVE
aksayahin	aksaya	Indicative-OF-Inf.
akyat	akyat	INFINITIVE
akyatan	akyat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
akyatin	akyat	Indicative-OF/DF-Inf.
alaala	alaala	INFINITIVE
alaga'	alaga'	INFINITIVE
alagaan	alaga'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
alala	alala	INFINITIVE
alalahanin	alala	Indicative-DF-Inf.
alalahanin	alala	Indicative-OF-Inf.
alam	alam	INFINITIVE
alamin	alam	Indicative-OF-Inf.
alis	alis	INFINITIVE
alisan	alis	Indicative-DF-Inf.
alisin	alis	Indicative-OF-Inf.
aral	aral	INFINITIVE
asa	asa	INFINITIVE
asahan	asa	Indicative-DF-Inf.
away	away	INFINITIVE
awayin	away	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ayos	ayos	INFINITIVE
ayusan	ayos	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ayusin	ayos	Indicative-OF-Inf.
baba'	baba'	INFINITIVE
babaan	baba'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bababa'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
bababaan	baba'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Cont.
babalikan	balik	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babalitaan	balita'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babasa	basa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
babasagin	basag	Indicative-OF-Cont.
babasahan	basa	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babasahin	basa	Indicative-OF-Cont.
babati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
babatiin	bati'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babawalan	bawal	Indicative-DF-Cont.
babayaran	bayad	Indicative-DF-Cont.
balik	balik	INFINITIVE
balikan	balik	Indicative-DF-Inf.
balita'	balita'	INFINITIVE
balitaan	balita'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
basa	basa	INFINITIVE
basag	basag	INFINITIVE
basagin	basag	Indicative-OF-Inf.
basahan	basa	Indicative-DF-Inf.
basahin	basa	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bati'	bati'	INFINITIVE
batian	bati'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bawal	bawal	INFINITIVE
bawalan	bawal	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bayad	bayad	INFINITIVE
bayaran	bayad	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bibiguin	bigo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bibihisan	bihis	Indicative-DF-Cont.
bibilang	bilang	Indicative-AF-Cont.
bibilangan	bilang	Indicative-DF-Cont.
bibilangin	bilang	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bibilhan	bili	Indicative-DF-Cont.
bibilhin	bili	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bibili	bili	Indicative-AF-Cont.
bibiruin	biro'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
bigay	bigay	INFINITIVE
bigo'	bigo'	INFINITIVE
biguin	bigo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bigyan	bigay	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bihis	bihis	INFINITIVE
bihisan	bihis	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bilang	bilang	INFINITIVE
bilangan	bilang	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bilangin	bilang	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bilhan	bili	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bilhin	bili	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bili	bili	INFINITIVE
binabaan	baba'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binababaan	baba'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabalikan	balik	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabalitaan	balita'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabasa	basa	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binabasag	basag	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binabasahan	basa	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabati'	bati'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabawalan	bawal	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binabayaran	bayad	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binalikan	balik	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binalitaan	balita'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binasa	basa	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binasag	basag	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binasahan	basa	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binati'	bati'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binawalan	bawal	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binayaran	bayad	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binibigo'	bigo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binibigyan	bigay	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binibihisan	bihis	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binibilang	bilang	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binibilangan	bilang	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binibilhan	bili	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binibili	bili	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binibiro'	biro'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
binigb'	bigo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binigyan	bigay	Indicative-DF-Cont.
binigyan	bigay	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binihisan	bihis	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binilang	bilang	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binilangan	bilang	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binilhan	bili	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binili	bili	Indicative-OF-Perf.
biniro	biro'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
binubuhat	buhat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binubuhay	buhay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binubuksan	bukas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binubura	bura	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
binuhat	buhat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binuhay	buhay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binuksan	bukas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
binura	bura	Indicative-OF-Perf.
biro'	biro'	INFINITIVE
biruin	biro'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
bubuhat	buhat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
bubuhat	buhat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bubuhatin	buhat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bubuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
bubuhayin	buhay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bubuksan	bukas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
buburahin	bura	Indicative-OF-Cont.
buhat	buhat	INFINITIVE
buhatin	buhat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
buhay	buhay	INFINITIVE
buhayin	buhay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bukas	bukas	INFINITIVE
buksan	bukas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bumaba'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumaba'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumababa'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumabalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumabasa	basa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumabati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumasa	basa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumasa	basa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumibilang	bilang	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumibili	bili	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumilang	bilang	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumilang	bilang	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumili	bili	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumili	bili	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumubuhat	buhat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumubuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
bumubukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
bumuhat	buhat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
bumuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
bumukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
bumukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
bumukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
bura	bura	INFINITIVE
burahin	bura	Indicative-OF-Inf.
busog	busog	INFINITIVE
daan	daan	INFINITIVE
daanan	daan	Indicative-DF-Inf.
dadalaw	dalaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
dadalawin	dalaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
dadalhan	dala	Indicative-DF-Cont.
dadalhan	dala	Indicative-OF-Cont.
dagdag	dagdag	INFINITIVE
dagdagan	dagdag	Indicative-DF-Inf.
dala	dala	INFINITIVE
dalaw	dalaw	INFINITIVE
dalawin	dalaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
dalhan	dala	Indicative-DF-Inf.
dalhan	dala	Indicative-OF-Inf.
damdam	damdam	INFINITIVE
damdamin	damdam	Indicative-DF-Inf.
daraan	daan	Indicative-AF-Cont.
daraanan	daan	Indicative-DF-Cont.
daragdagan	dagdag	Indicative-DF-Cont.
daramdamin	damdam	Indicative-DF-Cont.
darasalan	dasal	Indicative-DF-Cont.
darasalin	dasal	Indicative-OF-Cont.
darating	dating	Indicative-AF-Cont.
daratnan	dating	Indicative-DF-Cont.
dasal	dasal	INFINITIVE
dasalan	dasal	Indicative-DF-Inf.
dasalin	dasal	Indicative-OF-Inf.
dating	dating	INFINITIVE
datnan	dating	Indicative-DF-Inf.
didiligan	dilig	Indicative-OF-Cont.
didiligin	dilig	Indicative-OF-Cont.
dilig	dilig	INFINITIVE
diligan	dilig	Indicative-OF-Inf.
diligin	dilig	Indicative-OF-Inf.
dinaanan	daan	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinadala	dala	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
dinadalaw	dalaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinadalhan	dala	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinagdagan	dagdag	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinala	dala	Indicative-OF-Perf.
dinalaw	dalaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinalhan	dala	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinamdam	damdam	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinaraanan	daan	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinaragdagan	dagdag	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinaramdam	damdam	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinarasal	dasal	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
dinarasalan	dasal	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinaratnan	dating	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
dinasal	dasal	Indicative-OF-Perf.
dinasalan	dasal	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinatnan	dating	Indicative-DF-Perf.
dinidilig	dilig	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
dinidiligan	dilig	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
dinig	dinig	INFINITIVE
dinilig	dilig	Indicative-OF-Perf.
diniligan	dilig	Indicative-OF-Perf.
dumaan	daan	Indicative-AF-Inf.
dumaan	daan	Indicative-AF-Perf.
dumadalaw	dalaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
dumalaw	dalaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
dumalaw	dalaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
dumaraan	daan	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
dumarating	dating	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
dumating	dating	Indicative-AF-Inf.
dumating	dating	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gagalaw	galaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagalawin	galaw	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gagaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagamit	gamit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagamitan	gamit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gagamitin	gamit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gagamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagampanan	ganap	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gagamutin	gamot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gaganap	ganap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gaganapin	ganap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gaganapin	ganap	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gaganda	ganda	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagandahan	ganda	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gaganti	ganti	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagantihan	ganti	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gagasta	gasta	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gagastahin	gasta	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gagawa'	gawa'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gagawan	gawa'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gagawin	gawa'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
galaw	galaw	INFINITIVE
galawin	galaw	Indicative-OF-Inf.
galing	galing	INFINITIVE
galit	galit	INFINITIVE
gamit	gamit	INFINITIVE
gamitin	gamit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gamitin	gamit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gamot	gamot	INFINITIVE
gampanan	ganap	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gamutin	gamot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ganap	ganap	INFINITIVE
ganapin	ganap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ganapin	ganap	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ganda	ganda	INFINITIVE
gandahan	ganda	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ganti	ganti	INFINITIVE
gantihan	ganti	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gasta	gasta	INFINITIVE
gastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gastahin	gasta	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gawa'	gawa'	INFINITIVE
gawan	gawa'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gawin	gawa'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gigising	gising	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gigisingin	gising	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ginagalaw	galaw	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagamit	gamit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
ginagamit	gamit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagamitan	gamit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginagamot	gamot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagampanan	ganap	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginaganap	ganap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginaganap	ganap	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagandahan	ganda	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagantihan	ganti	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginagastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginagawa'	gawa'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginagawan	gawa'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginalaw	galaw	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginamit	gamit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginamitan	gamit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginamot	gamot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginampanan	ganap	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginanap	ganap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginanap	ganap	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginandahan	ganda	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginantihan	ganti	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginasta	gasta	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginawa	gawa'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginawan	gawa'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginigising	gising	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginising	gising	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginugulat	gulat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginugulo	gulo	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginugupit	gupit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginugupitan	gupit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ginugutom	gutom	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ginulat	gulat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginulo	gulo	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginupit	gupit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ginupitan	gupit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ginutom	gutom	Indicative-OF-Perf.
gising	gising	INFINITIVE
gisingin	gising	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gugulatin	gulat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
guguluhin	gulo	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gugupit	gupit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
gugupitan	gupit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
gugupitin	gupit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gugutumin	gutom	Indicative-OF-Cont.
gulat	gulat	INFINITIVE
gulatin	gulat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gulo	gulo	INFINITIVE
guluhin	gulo	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gumagalaw	galaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumagaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumagamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumaganap	ganap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumaganda	ganda	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumaganti	ganti	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumagasta	gasta	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumagasta	gasta	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
gumagawa'	gawa'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumalaw	galaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumalaw	galaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumamit	gamit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumamit	gamit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumanap	ganap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumanap	ganap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumanda	ganda	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumanda	ganda	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumanti	ganti	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumanti	ganti	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumasta	gasta	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumasta	gasta	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumawa'	gawa'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumawa'	gawa'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumigising	gising	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumising	gising	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumising	gising	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gumugupit	gupit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
gumupit	gupit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
gumupit	gupit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
gupit	gupit	INFINITIVE
gupitan	gupit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
gupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
gupitin	gupit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
gutom	gutom	INFINITIVE
gutumin	gutom	Indicative-OF-Inf.
haba'	haba'	INFINITIVE
habaan	haba'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
habol	habol	INFINITIVE
habulin	habol	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hagis	hagis	INFINITIVE
hagisan	hagis	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hahaba'	haba'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahabaan	haba'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hahabol	habol	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahabulin	habol	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hahagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahagisan	hagis	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hahalik	halik	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahalikan	halik	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hahaluan	halo'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hahaluin	halo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hahanap	hanap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahanapan	hanap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hahanapin	hanap	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hahanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
haharap	harap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
haharapin	harap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hahawak	hawak	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hahawakan	hawak	Indicative-DF-Cont.
halik	halik	INFINITIVE
halikan	halik	Indicative-DF-Inf.
halo'	halo'	INFINITIVE
haluin	halo'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
haluin	halo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hanap	hanap	INFINITIVE
hanapan	hanap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hanapin	hanap	Indicative-OF-Inf.
handa'	handa'	INFINITIVE
harap	harap	INFINITIVE
harapin	harap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hatid	hatid	INFINITIVE
hawak	hawak	INFINITIVE
hawakan	hawak	Indicative-DF-Inf.
higa	higa	INFINITIVE
higaan	higa	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihigaan	higa	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihila	hila	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihilahan	hila	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihilahin	hila	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hihilahin	hila	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hihinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihingahan	hinga	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihingan	hingi'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihingi'	hingi'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihingin	hingi'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hihintayin	hintay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihintuan	hinto'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihiram	hiram	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihiraman	hiram	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihiramin	hiram	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
hihiwaan	hiwa'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hihiwain	hiwa'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
hihiyain	hiya'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
hila	hila	INFINITIVE
hilahan	hila	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hilahin	hila	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hinabaan	haba'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinabol	habol	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinagisan	hagis	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinahabaan	haba'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinahabol	habol	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinahagisan	hagis	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinahalikan	halik	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinahalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinahaluan	halo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinahanap	hanap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
hinahanap	hanap	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinahanapan	hanap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinaharap	harap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinahawakan	hawak	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinalikan	halik	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinaluan	halo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinanap	hanap	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinanapan	hanap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinarap	harap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinawakan	hawak	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinga	hinga	INFINITIVE
hingahan	hinga	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hingan	hingi'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hingan	hingi'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hingi'	hingi'	INFINITIVE
hinigaan	higa	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hinihigaan	higa	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihila	hila	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinihilahan	hila	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihingahan	hinga	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihingan	hingi'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihingi'	hingi'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinihintay	hintay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinihintuan	hinto'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihiram	hiram	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinihiraman	hiram	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinihiwaan	hiwa'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinihiya'	hiya'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
hinila	hila	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hiningahan	hinga	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hiningan	hingi'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hiningi'	hingi'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinintay	hintay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinintuan	hinto'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hiniram	hiram	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hiniraman	hiram	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hiniwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hiniwaan	hiwa'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hiniya'	hiya'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
hintay	hintay	INFINITIVE
hintayin	hintay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hinto'	hinto'	INFINITIVE
hintuan	hinto'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hinugasan	hugas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hinuhugasan	hugas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinuhuli	huli	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
hinuli'	huli	Indicative-OF-Perf.
hiram	hiram	INFINITIVE
hiraman	hiram	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hiramin	hiram	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hiwa'	hiwa'	INFINITIVE
hiwaan	hiwa'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hiwain	hiwa'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
hiya'	hiya'	INFINITIVE
hiyain	hiya'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
hugas	hugas	INFINITIVE
hugasan	hugas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
huhugasan	hugas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
huhuli	huli	Indicative-AF-Cont.
huhulihin	huli	Indicative-OF-Cont.
huli	huli	INFINITIVE
hulihin	huli	Indicative-OF-Inf.
humaba'	haba'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humaba'	haba'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humabol	habol	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humabol	habol	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humahaba'	haba'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humahabol	habol	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humahagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humahalik	halik	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humahanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humaharap	harap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humahawak	hawak	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humalik	halik	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humalik	halik	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humanap	hanap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humanap	hanap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humarap	harap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humarap	harap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humawak	hawak	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humawak	hawak	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihila	hila	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihingi'	hingi'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihiram	hiram	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humila	hila	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humila	hila	Indicative-AF-Perf.
huminga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Inf.
huminga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humingi'	hingi'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humingi'	hingi'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
huminto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
huminto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humiram	hiram	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humiram	hiram	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
humuhuli	huli	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
humuli	huli	Indicative-AF-Inf.
humuli	huli	Indicative-AF-Perf.
iaabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iaakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibaba'	baba'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibababa'	baba'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibabalik	balik	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibabalita'	balita'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibabawal	bawal	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibabayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ibabayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ibalik	balik	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibalita'	balita'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibawal	bawal	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ibayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ibibigay	bigay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibibihis	bihis	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibibili	bili	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ibig	ibig	INFINITIVE
ibigay	bigay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibigin	ibig	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibihis	bihis	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ibili	bili	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ibinaba'	baba'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinababa'	baba'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinabalik	balik	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinabalita'	balita'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinabawal	bawal	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinabayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ibinabayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ibinabayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ibinalik	balik	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinalita'	balita'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinawal	bawal	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ibinayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ibinibigay	bigay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinibihis	bihis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinibili	bili	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ibinigay	bigay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinihis	bihis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibinili	bili	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ibinubukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ibinukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ibubukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ibukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
idagdag	dagdag	Indicative-OF-Inf.
idaragdag	dagdag	Indicative-OF-Cont.
idinagdag	dagdag	Indicative-OF-Perf.
idinaragdag	dagdag	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
igaganti	ganti	Indicative-BF-Cont.
iganti	ganti	Indicative-BF-Inf.
iginaganti	ganti	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
iginanti	ganti	Indicative-BF-Perf.
iginugupit	gupit	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
iginupit	gupit	Indicative-BF-Perf.
igugupit	gupit	Indicative-BF-Cont.
igupit	gupit	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ihagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihahagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihahalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihahanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ihahanda'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihahatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ihanda'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihiga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihihiga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ihihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ihihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ihihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ihinagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihinahagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ihinahalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ihinahanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ihinahatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ihinalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihinanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ihinanda'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihinatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihinga	hinga	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihiniga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihinihiga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ihinihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ihinihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ihinihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ihininga	hinga	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ihiniwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ihinuhuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ihinuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ihuhuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ihuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Inf.
iibig	ibig	Indicative-AF-Cont.
iibigin	ibig	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iingay	ingay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
iinit	init	Indicative-AF-Cont.
iinitin	init	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iinom	inom	Indicative-AF-Cont.
iintindihin	intindi	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iinuman	inom	Indicative-LF-Cont.
iinumin	inom	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iipunin	ipon	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iisipin	isip	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iiwan	iwan	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iiwanan	iwan	Indicative-DF-Cont.
iiyak	iyak	Indicative-AF-Cont.
iiyakan	iyak	Indicative-DF-Cont.
ikababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikabababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikabubusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikabusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagigising	gising	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagising	gising	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagugulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagugulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagugutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikagulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikagutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikahahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikahihiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikaiingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikaiinit	init	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikaingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikainit	init	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikakababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakagulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakagutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakaingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakainit	init	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakanta	kanta	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ikakapuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakasal	kasal	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ikakasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikakatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikalalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikalalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikalalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikalilinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikamamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikanta	kanta	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ikapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikapapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikapunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikapuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikapupunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikapupuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikasal	kasal	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ikasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikasasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikasasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikasasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ikatatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinabababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinabubusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinabusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinabusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagigising	gising	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagising	gising	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinagising	gising	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagugulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagugulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagugutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinagulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinagulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinagutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinahahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinahihiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinaiingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinaiinit	init	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinaingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinainit	init	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinakababa'	baba'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakabusog	busog	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagaling	galing	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagalit	galit	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakaganda	ganda	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagising	gising	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagulat	gulat	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagulo	gulo	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakagutom	gutom	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakahaba'	haba'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakaingay	ingay	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakainit	init	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakalinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakanta	kanta	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ikinakapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakapunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakapuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakasal	kasal	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ikinakasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinakatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinalalakas	lakas	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinalalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinalalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinalamig	lamig	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinalilinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinalinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinalinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinamamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinamatay	patay	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinanta	kanta	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ikinapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinapapagod	pagod	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinapunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinapunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinapuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinapupunit	punit	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinapupuno'	puno'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinasal	kasal	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ikinasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinasasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinasasara	sara	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinasasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Cont.
ikinasaya	saya	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ikinatatakot	takot	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
ikinokopya	kopya	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ikinopya	kopya	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ikinuha	kuha	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ikinukuha	kuha	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ikokopya	kopya	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ikopya	kopya	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ikuha	kuha	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ikukuha	kuha	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ilabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ilagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ilalabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ilalagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ilalayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ilayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iligaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
iligpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iliko'	liko'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ililigaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
ililigpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ililiko'	liko'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ililiko'	liko'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ililipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ilinabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ilinagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ilinalabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ilinalagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ilinalayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ilinayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ilinigaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ilinigpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iliniligaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
iliniligpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iliniliko'	liko'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ilinilipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ilinipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ilinuto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ilipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iluluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
inaabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaabutan	abot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF/DF-Imperf.
inaakyatan	akyat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaalagaan	alaga'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaalala	alala	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaalala	alala	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaalam	alam	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaalis	alis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaalisan	alis	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaasahan	asa	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaaway	away	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inaayos	ayos	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inaayusan	ayos	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inabutan	abot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF/DF-Perf.
inakyatan	akyat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inalagaan	alaga'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inalala	alala	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inalala	alala	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inalam	alam	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inalis	alis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inalisan	alis	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inasahan	asa	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inaway	away	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inayos	ayos	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inayusan	ayos	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ingay	ingay	INFINITIVE
iniaabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniaakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniabot	abot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniakyat	akyat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inibig	ibig	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihahagis	hagis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihahalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihahanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
inihahanda'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihahatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihalo'	halo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihanap	hanap	Indicative-BF-Perf.
inihanda'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihatid	hatid	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihiga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihihiga'	higa	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihihinga	hinga	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inihihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
inihihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
inihinga	hinga	Indicative-OF-Cont.
inihinga	hinga	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inihiram	hiram	Indicative-BF-Perf.
inihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
inihuhuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
inihuli	huli	Indicative-BF-Perf.
iniibig	ibig	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniinit	init	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniinom	inom	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniintindi	intindi	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniinuman	inom	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
iniipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniisip	isip	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniiwan	iwan	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniiwanan	iwan	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
iniiyakan	iyak	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inilabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inilagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inilalabas	labas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inilalagay	lagay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inilalayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inilayo'	layo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniligaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
iniligpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inililigaw	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inililigpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inililiko'	liko'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inililipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inilipat	lipat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniluluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ininegalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ininit	init	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ininom	inom	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inintindi	intindi	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ininuluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ininuman	inom	Indicative-LF-Perf.
inipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniregalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inireregalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inisip	isip	Indicative-OF-Perf.
init	init	INFINITIVE
initin	init	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iniuuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
iniuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniwan	iwan	Indicative-OF-Perf.
iniwanan	iwan	Indicative-DF-Perf.
iniyakan	iyak	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inom	inom	INFINITIVE
intindi	intindi	INFINITIVE
intindihin	intindi	Indicative-OF-Inf.
inuman	inom	Indicative-LF-Inf.
inumpisahan	umpisa	Indicative-OF-Perf.
inunawa'	unawa'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inupuan	upo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
inurnin	inom	Indicative-OF-Inf.
inuumpisahan	umpisa	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
inuunawa'	unawa'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inuupuan	upo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inuuwian	uwi'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
inuwian	uwi'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ipaaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipababalik	balik	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipababalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipababasa	basa	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipababasag	basag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipababati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipabalik	balik	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabasa	basa	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabasag	basag	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipabayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabibigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabibihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabibilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabibili	bili	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabibiro'	biro'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabili	bili	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabiro'	biro'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabubuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabubukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabubura	bura	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipabuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipabura	bura	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipadadala	dala	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipadadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipadagdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipadala	dala	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipadaragdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipadidilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipadilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagaayos	ayos	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagamot	gamot	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagasta	gasta	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ipagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagayos	ayos	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagbabayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagbayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagbibili	pagbili	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipagbili	pagbili	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipagbubukas	bukas	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagbukas	bukas	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagdadala	dala	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagdala	dala	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagdarasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagdarasal	dasal	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagdasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagdasal	dasal	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipaghahanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipaghahatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipaghanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipaghatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipaghugas	hugas	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipaghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagigising	gising	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagising	gising	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagluluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagmamaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipagmaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipagpaaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipagpabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagpakopya	kopya	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipagpalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipagpaluto'	luto'	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipagpamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipagpapaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagpapabayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapakopya	kopya	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipagpapaluto'	luto'	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapatahi	tahi'	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipagpapatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipagpatahi'	tahi'	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipagregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipagreregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagugulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipagugulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagugupit	gupit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipagulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipagulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaguplt	gupit	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahihiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihila	hila	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahihiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahila	hila	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipahuhugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahuhuli	huli	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipahuli	huli	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaiibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiinit	init	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiinom	inom	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiisip	isip	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaiiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipainit	init	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipainom	inom	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaisip	isip	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakain	kain	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipakakain	kain	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipakakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipakakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
ipakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
ipakikilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Cont.
ipakikita	kita	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipakilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ipakita	kita	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakokopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipakopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipakukuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipalalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaliligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalilimot	limot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalilinis	linis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalilipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipalimot	limot	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalinis	linis	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalinis	linis	Indicative-RF-Inf.
ipalipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipaluluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipamamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipambabayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipambayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipambibili	bili	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipambili	bili	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipambubuhat	buhat	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipambubura	bura	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipambuhat	buhat	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipambura	bura	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipampunas	punas	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipananakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipangako	pangako	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipanggagamot	gamot	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanggamot	gamot	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanggugulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipanggugulat	gulat	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanggulat	gulat	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanghagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanghahagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanghahalo'	halo'	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanghalo'	halo'	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanghihila	hila	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanghila	hila	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanghugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanghuhuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanghuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipanglilinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipanglinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipangsugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Inf.
ipangsusugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabalik	balik	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabasa	basa	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabasag	basag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapabayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabili	bili	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabiro'	biro'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapabura	bura	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapadagdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapadilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagamot	gamot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaghanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipapagising	gising	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipapagmaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipapagpabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagpabayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipapagpalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapagpamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipapagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipapagregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapagupit	gupit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahila	hila	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapahuli	huli	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaisip	isip	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapakita	kita	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapakopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapakuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapalinis	linis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapalipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapaluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapambayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipapambayad	bayad	Causative-IF-Inf.
ipapambili	bili	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapambuhat	buhat	Causative-IF-Inf.
ipapampunas	punas	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapampunas	punas	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipapanakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapanalo	panalo	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapangako	pangako	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapangako	pangako	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapanghagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapanghila	hila	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapanghugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapanghuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapanglinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapangsugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Inf.
ipapangsugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Cont.
ipapangsusugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Cont.
ipapanood	panood	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapansin	pansin	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapapagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapapambayad	bayad	Causative-IF-Cont.
ipapapambuhat	buhat	Causative-IF-Cont.
ipapapanalo	panalo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapangako	pangako	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapangsugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Cont.
ipapapanood	panood	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapanood	panood	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipapapansin	pansin	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapasok	pasok	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapasyal	pasyal	Causative-BF-Cont.
ipapapatay	patay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapapuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaputol	putol	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaparinig	dinig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasali	sali	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapasara	sara	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasok	pasok	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapasok	pasok	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipapasukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapasuot	suot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapasyal	pasyal	Causative-BF-Inf.
ipapasyal	pasyal	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipapatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatawid	tawid	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatay	patay	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapauwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipapili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapipigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipapipili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapipilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapipinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapunit	punit	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipapupunit	punit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapupuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipapuputol	putol	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaputol	putol	Causative-OF-Inf.
iparamdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipararamdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Cont.
iparinig	dinig	Causative-OF-Inf.
iparirinig	dinig	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasali	sali	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipasama	sama	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasara	sara	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasasali	sali	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipasasama	sama	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasisira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasok	pasok	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipasukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipasunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasuot	suot	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipasusukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasusulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasusunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipasusunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasusuot	suot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipasyal	pasyal	Indicative-BF-Inf.
ipatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Inf.
ipatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Cont.
ipatatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatawid	tawid	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipatatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatawld	tawid	Causative-DF-Inf.
ipatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatitigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatitikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatitinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatratrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipaturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipatutugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatutuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipatuturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipauunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipauuwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipauwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Inf.
ipayayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipilit	pilit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipinaaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinababalik	balik	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinababalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinababasa	basa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinababasag	basag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinababati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinababayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabalik	balik	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabasa	basa	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabasag	basag	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinabayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinabayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabibigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabibihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabibilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabibili	bili	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabibiro'	biro'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinabigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinabihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinabilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabili	bili	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabiro'	biro'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabubuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabubukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabubura	bura	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinabuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinabura	bura	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinadadala	dala	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinadadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinadagdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinadala	dala	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinadala	dala	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinadaragdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinadidilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinadilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagaayos	ayos	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagamot	gamot	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagayos	ayos	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinagbabayad	bayad	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagbibili	pagbili	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagbili	pagbili	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinagbubukas	bukas	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagbukas	bukas	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinagdadala	dala	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagdala	dala	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinagdarasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagdarasal	dasal	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagdasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinagdasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagdasal	dasal	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinaghahanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinaghahatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinaghanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinaghatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Cont.
ipinaghatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinaghugas	hugas	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinaghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagigising	gising	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagising	gising	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagluluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinagmamaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagmaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpaaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagpabayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpakopya	kopya	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinagpaluto'	luto'	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagpapaayos	ayos	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagpapabayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapakopya	kopya	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagpapaluto'	luto'	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinagpapatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagpapatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinagpatahi'	tahi'	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinagregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagreregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagugulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagugupit	gupit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinagulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipinagulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinagulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinagupit	gupit	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahanaa'	handa'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahihiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihila	hila	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahihiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahila	hila	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinahintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinahuhugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahuhuli	huli	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinahuli	huli	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaiibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiinit	init	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiinom	inom	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiisip	isip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaiiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinainit	init	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinainit	init	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinainom	inom	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinainom	inom	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinaipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaisip	isip	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakain	kain	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinakain	kain	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinakakain	kain	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinakakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinakakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
ipinakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
ipinakikilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ipinakikita	kita	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinakilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Cont.
ipinakilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ipinakita	kita	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakokopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinakopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinakukuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinalalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinaligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaliligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalilimot	limot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalilinis	linis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalilipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinalimot	limot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinalimot	limot	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalinis	linis	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinaluluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinamamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinambabayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinambayad	bayad	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinambibili	bili	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinambili	bili	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinambubuhat	buhat	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinambubura	bura	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinambuhat	buhat	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinambura	bura	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinananakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinangako	pangako	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinanggagamot	gamot	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanggamot	gamot	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanggugulat	gulat	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanggulat	gulat	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanghagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanghahagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanghahalo'	halo'	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanghalo'	halo'	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanghihila	hila	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanghila	hila	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanghuhuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanghuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinanglilinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinanglinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinangsugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Perf.
ipinangsusugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapaabot	abot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaakyat	akyat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaalala	alala	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaalam	alam	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaalis	alis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaaral	aral	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaayos	ayos	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapababa'	baba'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabalik	balik	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabalita'	balita'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabasa	basa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabasag	basag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabati'	bati'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapabayad	bayad	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabigay	bigay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabihis	bihis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabilang	bilang	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabili	bili	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabirol	biro'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabuhat	buhat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabukas	bukas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapabura	bura	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapadagdag	dagdag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapadala	dala	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapadalaw	dalaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapadilig	dilig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagalaw	galaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagamit	gamit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagamot	gamot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaganap	ganap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagasta	gasta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagawa'	gawa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagdasal	dasal	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaghanda'	handa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapaghatid	hatid	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapagising	gising	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagluto'	luto'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapagmaneho	maneho	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapagpabawal	bawal	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagpabayad	bayad	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapagpalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagpamaneho	maneho	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinapagregalo	regalo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagulat	gulat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapagulo	gulo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapagupit	gupit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahabol	habol	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahagis	hagis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahalo'	halo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahanap	hanap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahanda'	handa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahatid	hatid	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahiga'	higa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahila	hila	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahingi'	hingi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahintay	hintay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahinto'	hinto'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahiram	hiram	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahugas	hugas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapahuli	huli	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaibig	ibig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapainit	init	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapainom	inom	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaipon	ipon	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaisip	isip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaiwan	iwan	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakagat	kagat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakain	kain	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakanta	kanta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
ipinapakilala	pakilala	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapakita	kita	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakopya	kopya	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapakuha	kuha	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalaba	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalabas	labas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalagay	lagay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalangoy	langoy	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapalaro'	laro	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaligpit	ligpit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalimot	limot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalinis	linis	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalipat	lipat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapalit	palit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaluto'	luto'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapamaneho	maneho	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapambayad	bayad	Causative-IF-Perf.
ipinapambili	bili	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapambuhat	buhat	Causative-IF-Perf.
ipinapampunas	punas	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapanakaw	nakaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapanalo	panalo	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapangako	pangako	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapangako	pangako	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapanghagis	hagis	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapanghila	hila	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapanghugas	hugas	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapanghuli	huli	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapanglinis	linis	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapangsugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Perf.
ipinapangsugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapangsusugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapansin	pansin	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapapagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapambayad	bayad	Causative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapapambuhat	buhat	Causative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapapanalo	panalo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapangako	pangako	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapangsugal	sugal	Causative-IF-Imperf.
ipinapapanood	panood	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapansin	pansin	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapasok	pasok	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapasyal	pasyal	Causative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapapatay	patay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapapili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapunit	punit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapapuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaputol	putol	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaparamdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaparinig	dinig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasali	sali	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasama	sama	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasara	sara	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasok	pasok	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapasok	pasok	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapasunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasuot	suot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapasyal	pasyal	Causative-BF-Perf.
ipinapasyal	pasyal	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
ipinapatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Imperf.
ipinapatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatawid	tawid	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatay	patay	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapauwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Cont.
ipinapigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinapili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinapilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapipigil	pigil	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinapipili'	pili'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapipilit	pilit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapipinta	pinta	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapunit	punit	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinapunit	punit	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinapupunit	punit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapupuno'	puno'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinapuputol	putol	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaputol	putol	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaramdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinaramdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinararamdam	damdam	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinarinig	dinig	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaririnig	dinig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasali	sali	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinasama	sama	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasama	sama	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasama'	sama'	Indicative-RF-Perf.
ipinasara	sara	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasara	sara	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasasabi	sabi	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasagot	sagot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasali	sali	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasama	sama	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasara	sara	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasauli'	sauli'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasayaw	sayaw	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasisira'	sira'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasok	pasok	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinasukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinasunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasuot	suot	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinasuot	suot	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinasusukat	sukat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasusulat	sulat	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasusunod	sunod	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinasusunog	sunog	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasusuot	suot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinasyal	pasyal	Indicative-BF-Perf.
ipinatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Cont.
ipinatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Perf.
ipinatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatatago'	tago'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatahi'	tahi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatakip	takip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatalo	talo	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatalon	talon	Causative-LF-Imperf.
ipinatatanggap	tanggap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatanim	tanim	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatanong	tanong	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatapos	tapos	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatawid	tawid	Causative-DF-Imperf.
ipinatatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatawag	tawag	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatawid	tawid	Causative-DF-Perf.
ipinatawid	tawid	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatayo'	tayo'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatitigil	tigil	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatitikim	tikim	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatitinda	tinda	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatratrabaho	trabaho	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Cont.
ipinatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinaturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinatutugtog	tugtog	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatutuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinatuturo'	turo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinauunawa'	unawa'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinauuwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinauwi'	uwi'	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Perf.
ipinayayakap	yakap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
ipinilit	pilit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipininta	pinta	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ipinipilit	pilit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinipinta	pinta	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ipinta	pinta	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ipipakausap	kausap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
ipipilit	pilit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipipinta	pinta	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ipon	ipon	INFINITIVE
ipunin	ipon	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iregalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ireregalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iriatututunan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Cont.
irineregalo	regalo	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isagot	sagot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isakay	sakay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isali	sali	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isama	sama	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isara	sara	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isasagot	sagot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasakay	sakay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasali	sali	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasama	sama	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasara	sara	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasauli'	sauli'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isauli'	sauli'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isinagot	sagot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinakay	sakay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinali	sali	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinama	sama	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinara	sara	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinasagot	sagot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasakay	sakay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasali	sali	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasama	sama	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasara	sara	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasauli'	sauli'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinauli'	sauli'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Perf.
isinukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
isinusugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Imperf.
isinusukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinusulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isinusuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
isip	isip	INFINITIVE
isipin	isip	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Inf.
isukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
isusugal	sugal	Indicative-IF-Cont.
isusukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isusulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
isusuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itago'	tago'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itahi'	tahi'	Indicative-BF-Inf.
itanim	tanim	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itanong	tanong	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itatago'	tago'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
itatanim	tanim	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itatanong	tanong	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itatawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itawld	tawid	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itayo'	tayo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itigil	tigil	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itinago'	tago'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinahi'	tahi'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
itinanim	tanim	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinanong	tanong	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinatago'	tago'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
itinatanim	tanim	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinatanong	tanong	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinatawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinayo'	tayo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinda	tinda	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itinigil	tigil	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itininda	tinda	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinitigil	tigil	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinitinda	tinda	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinuloy	tuloy	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinuro'	turo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itinutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinutuloy	tuloy	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
itinuturo'	turo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ititigil	tigil	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ititinda	tinda	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ituloy	tuloy	Indicative-OF-Inf.
ituro'	turo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
itutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Cont.
itutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Perf.
itutuloy	tuloy	Indicative-OF-Cont.
ituturo'	turo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iuuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
iuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iwan	iwan	INFINITIVE
iwan	iwan	Indicative-OF-Inf.
iwanan	iwan	Indicative-DF-Inf.
iyak	iyak	INFINITIVE
iyakan	iyak	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kaaabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaalaga'	alaga'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaalala	alala	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaalala	alala	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kaaalam	alam	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kaaalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaaral	aral	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaasa	asa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaaaway	away	Indicative-AF-PL-Recperf.
kaaaway	away	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kaaayos	ayos	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kabababa'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababalik	balik	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kababalita'	balita'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababasa	basa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababasag	basag	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kababati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababawal	bawal	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kababayad	bayad	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibigay	bigay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibigo'	bigo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibihis	bihis	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibilang	bilang	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibili	bili	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabibiro'	biro'	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kabobura	bura	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabubuhat	buhat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabubuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabubukas	bukas	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kabubukas	bukas	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kadadala	dala	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadadalaw	dalaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadaraan	daan	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadaragdag	dagdag	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadarasal	dasal	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadarating	dating	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kadidilig	dilig	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagalaw	galaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagalaw	galaw	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kagagaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kagagamit	gamit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagaganap	ganap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagaganti	ganti	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagasta	gasta	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagagawa'	gawa'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kagat	kagat	INFINITIVE
kagatan	kagat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kagatin	kagat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kagiging	maging	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagigising	gising	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kagigising	gising	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kagugulat	gulat	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kagugulo	gulo	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kagugupit	gupit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahaba'	haba'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahabol	habol	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahalik	halik	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahalo'	halo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahanap	hanap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahaharap	harap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahatid	hatid	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahahawak	hawak	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihila	hila	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihingi'	hingi'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihintay	hintay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kahihiram	hiram	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahuhugas	hugas	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kahuhuli	huli	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiibig	ibig	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiingay	ingay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiinit	init	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiinom	inom	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiintindi	intindi	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiintindi	intindi	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kaiipon	ipon	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kaiisip	isip	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaiiyak	iyak	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kain	kain	INFINITIVE
kainan	kain	Indicative-LF-Inf.
kainin	kain	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kakagat	kagat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kakagatan	kagat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kakagatin	kagat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kakain	kain	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kakainan	kain	Indicative-LF-Cont.
kakainin	kain	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kakakagat	kagat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakakain	kain	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakakakilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Recperf.
kakakakita	kita	Aptative-AF-Recperf.
kakakanta	kanta	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakakapagkaroon	pagkaroon	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakakasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakakasal	kasal	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kakakausap	kausap	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kakalabanin	laban	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kakalimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kakanin	kain	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kakanta	kanta	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kakantahan	kanta	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kakantahan	kanta	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kakausapin	kausap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kakikilala	kilala	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakikilos	kilos	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakikipagusap	pagusap	Associative-AF-Recperf.
kakikiusap	pakiusap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakokopya	kopya	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kakukuha	kuha	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalabanin	laban	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kalalaba	laba	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-PL-Recperf.
kalalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalagay	lagay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalakad	lakad	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalaki	laki	Indicative-RF-Recperf.
kalalangoy	langoy	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalapit	lapit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalaro'	laro	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalalayo'	layo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaliligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaliligo'	ligo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaliligpit	ligpit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kaliliko	liko'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalilimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kalilinis	linis	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalilipad	lipad	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalilipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kalimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kaluluto'	luto'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kamamaneho	maneho	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kamamatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kananakaw	nakaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kangingiti'	ngiti	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kanin	kain	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kanta	kanta	INFINITIVE
kantahan	kanta	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kapagbabati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapagpatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapagusap	usap	Indicative-AF-PL-Recperf.
kapapahinga	pahinga	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapakamatay	pakamatay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapakilala	pakilala	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapakinig	pakinig	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapalaki	palaki	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapamili	bili	Distributive-AF-Recperf.
kapapanalo	panalo	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapangako	pangako	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapangyari	pangyari	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kapapanood	panood	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapansin	pansin	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapasyal	pasyal	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapapatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapaplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapipigil	pigil	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kapipili'	pili'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapipilit	pilit	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kapipinta	pinta	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapopuno'	puno'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapupunas	punas	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapupunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kapupuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kapupunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kapuputol	putol	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kareregalo	regalo	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
karirinig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Recperf.
kasal	kasal	INFINITIVE
kasasabi	sabi	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasagot	sagot	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasali	sali	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasalita'	salita'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasalubong	salubong	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasama	sama	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasama'	sama'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasara	sara	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasara	sara	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kasasauli'	sauli'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasisigaw	sigaw	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasisikap	sikap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasisira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
kasusugal	sugal	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasusukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasusulat	sulat	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasusunod	sunod	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasusunog	sunog	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kasusuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
katatago'	tago'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatakbo	takbo	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatakip	takip	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
katatalo	talo	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
katatalon	talon	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatanggap	tanggap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatanim	tanim	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatanong	tanong	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatapos	tapos	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
katatawa	tawa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatawag	tawag	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
katatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katatrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katitigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katitigil	tigil	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
katitikim	tikim	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katitinda	tinda	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katitingin	tingin	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katratrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Recperf.
katutulog	tulog	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katutulong	tulong	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katutuloy	tuloy	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katuturo'	turo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
katututo	tuto	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kausap	kausap	INFINITIVE
kausapin	kausap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kauumpiaa	umpisa	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kauunawa'	unawa'	Indicative-DF-Recperf.
kauupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kauuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kayayakap	yakap	Indicative-AF-Recperf.
kikilala	kilala	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kikilalanin	kilala	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kikilos	kilos	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kilala	kilala	INFINITIVE
kilalanin	kilala	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kilos	kilos	INFINITIVE
kinagagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kinagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinagat	kagat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kinagatan	kagat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinain	kain	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kinainan	kain	Indicative-LF-Perf.
kinakagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinakagat	kagat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kinakagatan	kagat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinakain	kain	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kinakainan	kain	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
kinakalaban	laban	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinakalimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinakantahan	kanta	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kinakatakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinakausap	kausap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinalaban	laban	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinalilimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinalimutan	limot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinatakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kinatakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinatatakutan	takot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinausap	kausap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinilala	kilala	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kinokopya	kopya	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kinokopyahan	kopya	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinopya	kopya	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kinopyahan	kopya	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kinuha	kuha	Indicative-OF-Perf.
kinukuha	kuha	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kinukunan	kuha	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
kinunan	kuha	Indicative-DF-Perf.
kita	kita	INFINITIVE
kokopya	kopya	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kokopyahan	kopya	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kokopyahin	kopya	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kopya	kopya	INFINITIVE
kopyahan	kopya	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kopyahin	kopya	Indicative-OF-Inf.
kuha	kuha	INFINITIVE
kukuha	kuha	Indicative-AF-Cont.
kukunan	kuha	Indicative-DF-Cont.
kukunin	kuha	Indicative-OF-Cont.
kumagat	kagat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumagat	kagat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumain	kain	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumain	kain	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumakagat	kagat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumakain	kain	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumakanta	kanta	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumanta	kanta	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumanta	kanta	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumikilala	kilala	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumikilala	kilala	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
kumikilos	kilos	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumilala	kilala	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumilala	kilala	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumilos	kilos	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumilos	kilos	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumokopya	kopya	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kumopya	kopya	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumopya	kopya	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumuha	kuha	Indicative-AF-Inf.
kumuha	kuha	Indicative-AF-Perf.
kumukuha	kuha	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
kunan	kuha	Indicative-DF-Inf.
kunin	kuha	Indicative-OF-Inf.
laba	laba	INFINITIVE
labahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Inf.
laban	laban	INFINITIVE
labanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Inf.
labas	labas	INFINITIVE
labhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Inf.
lagay	lagay	INFINITIVE
lagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Inf.
lakad	lakad	INFINITIVE
lakaran	lakad	Indicative-DF-Inf.
lakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Inf.
lakas	lakas	INFINITIVE
lakasan	lakas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
laki	laki	INFINITIVE
lakihan	laki	Indicative-RF-Inf.
lalabahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalabanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lalabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalabhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lalagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lalakad	lakad	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Cont.
lalakarin	lakad	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lalakas	lakas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalakasan	lakas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lalaki	laki	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalakihan	laki	Indicative-RF-Cont.
lalamig	lamig	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lalangoy	langoy	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalanguyin	langoy	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lalapit	lapit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lalaruin	laro	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lalayo'	layo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lalayuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lamig	lamig	INFINITIVE
langoy	langoy	INFINITIVE
languyin	langoy	Indicative-DF-Inf.
lapit	lapit	INFINITIVE
lapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
laro	laro	INFINITIVE
laruin	laro	Indicative-OF-Inf.
layo'	layo'	INFINITIVE
layuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ligaw	ligaw	INFINITIVE
ligawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ligo'	ligo'	INFINITIVE
ligpit	ligpit	INFINITIVE
ligpitin	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
liko'	liko'	INFINITIVE
likuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
liligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
liligawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
liligpitin	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
liliko'	liko'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lilikuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lilimot	limot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lilimutin	limot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
lilinis	linis	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lilinisin	linis	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lilipad	lipad	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lilipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
lilipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
limot	limot	INFINITIVE
limutin	limot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
linabahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linabanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linabhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linakad	lakad	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Perf.
linakasan	lakas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linakihan	laki	Indicative-RF-Perf.
linalabahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linalabanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linalabhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linalagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linalakad	lakad	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linalakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
linalakasan	lakas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linalakihan	laki	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
linalangoy	langoy	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linalapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linalaro'	laro	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linalayuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linangoy	langoy	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linaro'	laro	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linayuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linigawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linigpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linikuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
liniligawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
liniligpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linilikuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linilimot	limot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linilinis	linis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linilipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
linimot	limot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
lininis	linis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
linipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
linis	linis	INFINITIVE
linisin	linis	Indicative-OF-Inf.
linuluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
linuto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
lipad	lipad	INFINITIVE
lipat	lipat	INFINITIVE
lipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
lulutuin	luto'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
lumaban	laban	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumaban	laban	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumakad	lakad	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumakad	lakad	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumakas	lakas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumakas	lakas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumaki	laki	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumaki	laki	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalakad	lakad	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalakas	lakas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalaki	laki	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalamig	lamig	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
lumalangoy	langoy	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalapit	lapit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumalayo'	layo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumamig	lamig	Indicative-OF-Inf.
lumamig	lamig	Indicative-OF-Perf.
lumangoy	langoy	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumangoy	langoy	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumapit	lapit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumapit	lapit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumayo'	layo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumayo'	layo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumigaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumigaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumiko'	liko'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumiko'	liko'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumiligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumiliko'	liko'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumilimot	limot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumilinis	linis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
lumilipad	lipad	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumilipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
lumimot	limot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumimot	limot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
luminis	linis	Indicative-OF-Inf.
luminis	linis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
lumipad	lipad	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumipad	lipad	Indicative-AF-Perf.
lumipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
lumipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
luto'	luto'	INFINITIVE
lutuin	luto'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
maaabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maaabutan	abot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maaakyat	akyat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaakyatan	akyat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaalagaan	alaga'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maaalala	alala	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maaalis	alis	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maaalisan	alis	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaasahan	asa	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maaayos	ayos	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maabutan	abot	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maakyat	akyat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maakyatan	akyat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maalagaan	alaga'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maalala	alala	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maalis	alis	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maalisan	alis	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maasahan	asa	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maaway	away	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maayos	ayos	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mababaan	baba'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabababaan	baba'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababalikan	balik	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababalitaan	balita'	Accidental-OF-Cont.
mababalitaan	balita'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababasa	basa	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mababasag	basag	Accidental-OF-Cont.
mababasahan	basa	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababati'	bati'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababawalan	bawal	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mababayaran	bayad	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mabalikan	balik	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabalitaan	balita'	Accidental-OF-Inf.
mabalitaan	balita'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabasa	basa	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabasag	basag	Accidental-OF-Inf.
mabasahan	basa	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabati'	bati'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabawalan	bawal	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabayaran	bayad	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabibigo'	bigo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mabibigyan	bigay	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mabibihisan	bihis	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mabibilang	bilang	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabibilangan	bilang	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mabibilhan	bili	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mabibili	bili	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabibiro'	biro'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabigb'	bigo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mabigyan	bigay	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabihisan	bihis	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabilang	bilang	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabilangan	bilang	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabilhan	bili	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mabili	bili	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabiro'	biro'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabubuhat	buhat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabubuhay	buhay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabubuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mabubuksan	bukas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabubura	bura	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mabubusog	busog	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mabuhat	buhat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabuhay	buhay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mabuksan	bukas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabura	bura	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mabusog	busog	Indicative-AF-Inf.
madadala	dala	Aptative-OF-Cont.
madadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
madadalhan	dala	Aptative-DF-Cont.
madagdagan	dagdag	Aptative-DF-Inf.
madala	dala	Aptative-OF-Inf.
madalaw	dalaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
madalhan	dala	Aptative-DF-Inf.
madaragdagan	dagdag	Aptative-DF-Cont.
madarasal	dasal	Aptative-OF-Cont.
madarasalan	dasal	Aptative-DF-Cont.
madaratnan	dating	Accidental-DF-Cont.
madasal	dasal	Aptative-OF-Inf.
madasalan	dasal	Aptative-DF-Inf.
madidilig	dilig	Aptative-OF-Cont.
madidiligan	dilig	Aptative-OF-Cont.
madilig	dilig	Aptative-OF-Inf.
madiligan	dilig	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magaabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaalaga'	alaga'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaalala	alala	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaaral	aral	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magaaway	away	Indicative-AF-PL-Cont.
magaayos	ayos	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magagalaw	galaw	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagalit	galit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magagamit	gamit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagamitan	gamit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
magagamot	gamot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magagampanan	ganap	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magaganap	ganap	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagandahan	ganda	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magagantihan	ganti	Aptative-DF-Cont.
magagasta	gasta	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magagawan	gawa'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
magaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magalaga'	alaga'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magalala	alala	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magalas	alis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magalaw	galaw	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magalit	galit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magamit	gamit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magamitan	gamit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
magamot	gamot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magampanan	ganap	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maganap	ganap	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magandahan	ganda	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magantihan	ganti	Aptative-DF-Inf.
magaral	aral	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magasta	gasta	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magawa'	gawa'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magawan	gawa'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
magaway	away	Indicative-AF-PL-Inf.
magayos	ayos	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbaba'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbababa	baba'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbabalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbabalita'	balita'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbabasa	basa	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magbabasag	basag	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magbabati	bati'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbabatian	bati'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magbabawal	bawal	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbabayad	bayad	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbalita'	balita'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbasa	basa	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magbasag	basag	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magbati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbatian	bati'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magbawal	bawal	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbayad	bayad	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbibigay	bigay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbibihis	bihis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbibilang	bilang	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magbibili	pagbili	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbibiro'	biro'	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magbibiruan	biro'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magbigay	bigay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbihis	bihis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbilang	bilang	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magbili	pagbili	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbiro'	biro'	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magbiruan	biro'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magbubukas	bukas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbubura	bura	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magbukas	bukas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magbura	bura	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magdaan	daan	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magdadala	dala	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdala	dala	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magdamdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magdaraan	daan	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdaragdag	dagdag	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdarasal	dasal	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdasal	dasal	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magdidilig	dilig	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magdilig	dilig	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maggamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maggugupit	gupit	Intensive-AF-Cont.
maggupit	gupit	Intensive-AF-Inf.
maghabol	habol	Intensive-AF-Inf.
maghabulan	habol	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maghagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghahabol	habol	Intensive-AF-Cont.
maghahabulan	habol	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
maghahagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghahalikan	halik	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
maghahalo'	halo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghahanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghahatid	hatid	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghahawak	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
maghahawakan	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
maghalikan	halik	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maghalo'	halo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghatid	hatid	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghawak	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maghawakan	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maghiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghihilahan	hila	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
maghihinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghihintay	hintay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maghilahan	hila	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maghinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghintay	hintay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghugas	hugas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiging	maging	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magigising	gising	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magiiiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magiingay	ingay	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magiinit	init	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiintindi	intindi	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiipon	ipon	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiisip	isip	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magiiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Inf.
maging	maging	INFINITIVE
maging	maging	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magingay	ingay	Intensive-AF-Inf.
maginit	init	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magintindi	intindi	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magipon	ipon	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magising	gising	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magisip	isip	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magkahiyaan	hiya'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magkaibigan	ibig	Reciprocal-AF-Inf.
magkaiintindihan	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkaintindihan	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magkakahiyaan	hiya'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkakaibigan	ibig	Reciprocal-AF-Cont.
magkakain	kain	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magkakaintindihan	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkakakain	kain	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magkakamali'	mali	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magkakantahan	kanta	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkakaroon	pagkaroon	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magkakasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magkakasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkakasama	sama	Indicative-AF-PL-Cont.
magkakausap	usap	Accidental-AF-PL-Cont.
magkamali'	mali	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magkantahan	kanta	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magkaroon	pagkaroon	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magkasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magkasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magkasama	sama	Indicative-AF-PL-Inf.
magkausap	usap	Accidental-AF-PL-Inf.
magkikita	kita	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magkita	kita	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
maglaba	laba	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maglaban	laban	Indicative-AF-PL-Inf.
maglabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maglagay	lagay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maglakad	lakad	Intensive-AF-Inf.
maglalaba	laba	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-PL-Cont.
maglalabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglalagay	lagay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglalakad	lakad	Intensive-AF-Cont.
maglalaro'	laro	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglaro'	laro	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magligpit	ligpit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magliligpit	ligpit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglilinis	linis	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglilipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maglinis	linis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maglipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magluluto'	luto'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magluto'	luto'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magmahal	mahal	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magmahalan	mahal	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magmamahal	mahal	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magmamahalan	mahal	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magmamaneho	maneho	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magmaneho	maneho	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magnakaw	nakaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magnanakaw	nakaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpaaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpaabot	abot	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaakyat	akyat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaalala	alala	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaalam	alam	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaalam	paalam	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpaalis	alis	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaaral	aral	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaasa	asa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaayos	ayos	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpabalik	balik	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabalik	balik	Causative-AF-Inf.
magpabalita'	balita'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabasa	basa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabasag	basag	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabati'	bati'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabawal	bawal	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabayad	bayad	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabigay	bigay	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabihis	bihis	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabilang	bilang	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabili	bili	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabiro'	biro'	Causative-AF-Inf.
magpabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
magpabukas	bukas	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpabura	bura	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpadagdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpadala	dala	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpadaragdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpadasal	dasal	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpadilig	dilig	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagaling	galing	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagalit	galit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagamit	gamit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagamot	gamot	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaganap	ganap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaganda	ganda	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaganti	ganti	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagasta	gasta	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagising	gising	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagulat	gulat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagulo	gulo	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagupit	gupit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpagutom	gutom	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahaba'	haba'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahabol	habol	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahagis	hagis	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahalik	halik	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahalo'	halo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahanap	hanap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahanda'	handa'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaharap	harap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahatid	hatid	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahawak	hawak	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahiga'	higa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahila	hila	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahinga	pahinga	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahintay	hintay	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahiram	hiram	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahugas	hugas	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpahuli	huli	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaibig	ibig	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpainit	init	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpainom	inom	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaintindi	intindi	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaipon	ipon	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaisip	isip	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaiwan	iwan	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaiyak	iyak	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakabusbg	busog	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakagat	kagat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakain	kain	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakamatay	pakamatay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpakanta	kanta	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakasal	kasal	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakausap	kausap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakilala	pakilala	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpakilos	kilos	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakita	kita	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakopya	kopya	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpakuha	kuha	Causative-AF-Inf.
magpalaba	laba	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalaban	laban	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalabas	labas	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalagay	lagay	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalakad	lakad	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalakas	lakas	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalaki	laki	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalaki	palaki	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpalamig	lamig	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalapit	lapit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalaro'	laro	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalayo'	layo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaligo'	paligo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpaligpit	ligpit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaliko'	liko'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalinis	linis	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalipad	lipad	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalipat	lipat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpalitan	palit	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magpaluto'	luto'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpamaneho	maneho	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapaabot	abot	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaakyat	akyat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaalala	alala	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaalam	alam	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaalam	paalam	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapaalis	alis	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaaral	aral	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaasa	asa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaayos	ayos	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabalik	balik	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabalik	balik	Causative-AF-Cont.
magpapabalita'	balita'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabasa	basa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabasag	basag	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabati'	bati'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabawal	bawal	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabayad	bayad	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabigay	bigay	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabihis	bihis	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabilang	bilang	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabili	bili	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabiro'	biro'	Causative-AF-Cont.
magpapabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
magpapabukas	bukas	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapabura	bura	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapadagdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapadala	dala	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapadasal	dasal	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapadilig	dilig	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagalaw	galaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagaling	galing	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagalit	galit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagamit	gamit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagamot	gamot	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaganap	ganap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaganda	ganda	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaganti	ganti	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagasta	gasta	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagising	gising	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagod	pagod	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapagulat	gulat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagulo	gulo	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagupit	gupit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapagutom	gutom	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahaba'	haba'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahabol	habol	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahagis	hagis	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahalik	halik	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahalo'	halo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahanap	hanap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahanda'	handa'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaharap	harap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahatid	hatid	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahawak	hawak	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahiga'	higa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahila	hila	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahinga	pahinga	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahintay	hintay	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahiram	hiram	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahugas	hugas	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapahuli	huli	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaibig	ibig	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapainit	init	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapainom	inom	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaintindi	intindi	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaipon	ipon	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaisip	isip	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaiwan	iwan	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaiyak	iyak	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakabusog	busog	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakagat	kagat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakain	kain	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakamatay	pakamatay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapakanta	kanta	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakasal	kasal	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakausap	kausap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakilala	pakilala	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapakilos	kilos	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakinig	pakinig	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapakita	kita	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakopya	kopya	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapakuha	kuha	Causative-AF-Cont.
magpapalaba	laba	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalaban	laban	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
magpapalabas	labas	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalagay	lagay	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalakad	lakad	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalakas	lakas	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalaki	laki	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalaki	palaki	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapalamig	lamig	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalapit	lapit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalaro'	laro	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalayo'	layo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapaligo'	paligo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapaligpit	ligpit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaliko'	liko'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalinis	linis	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalipad	lipad	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalipat	lipat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapalit	palit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapalitan	palit	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magpapaluto'	luto'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapamaneho	maneho	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapanalo	panalo	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapangako	pangako	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapanood	panood	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapansin	pansin	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapapagod	pagod	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapakinig	pakinig	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapalit	palit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapanalo	panalo	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapangako	pangako	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapanood	panood	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapansin	pansin	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapasok	pasok	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapigil	pigil	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapili'	pili'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapilit	pilit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapinta	pinta	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapunas	punas	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapunit	punit	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapuno'	puno'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapapunta	punta	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaputol	putol	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpaparaan	daan	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpaparamdam	damdam	Causative-AF-Cont.
magpaparegalo	regalo	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpaparinig	dinig	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasagot	sagot	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasakay	sakay	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasali	sali	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapasalubong	salubong	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasama	sama	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasama'	sama'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasara	sara	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasaya	saya	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasira'	sira'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasok	pasok	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapasugal	sugal	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasukat	sukat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasulat	sulat	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasunod	sunod	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasunog	sunog	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasuot	suot	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapasyal	pasyal	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapatago'	tago'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatakbo	takbo	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatakip	takip	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatalo	talo	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatalon	talon	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatanim	tanim	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatanong	tanong	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatapos	tapos	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatawag	tawag	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatawid	tawid	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatigil	tigil	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatikim	tikim	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatinda	tinda	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatingin	patingin	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatulog	tulog	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatulong	tulong	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpapatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
magpapatuloy	tuloy	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaturo'	turo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapaupo'	upo'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapayakap	yakap	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpapigil	pigil	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapili'	pili'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapilit	pilit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapinta	pinta	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpappagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Cont.
magpapunas	punas	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapunit	punit	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapuno'	puno'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpapunta	punta	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaputol	putol	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magparaan	daan	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magparamdam	damdam	Causative-AF-Inf.
magparegalo	regalo	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magparinig	dinig	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasagot	sagot	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasakay	sakay	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasali	sali	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpasalubong	salubong	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasama	sama	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasama'	sama'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasara	sara	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Cont.
magpasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasaya	saya	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasira'	sira'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpasugal	sugal	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasukat	sukat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasulat	sulat	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasunod	sunod	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasunog	sunog	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasuot	suot	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpasyal	pasyal	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpatago'	tago'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatakbo	takbo	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatakip	takip	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatalo	talo	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatalon	talon	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatanim	tanim	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatanong	tanong	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatapos	tapos	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatawa'	tawa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatawag	tawag	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatawid	tawid	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatawld	tawid	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatigil	tigil	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatikim	tikim	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatinda	tinda	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatingin	patingin	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatulof	tuloy	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatulog	tulog	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatulong	tulong	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpaturo'	turo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpaupo'	upo'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpayakap	yakap	Causative-A1F-Inf.
magpigil	pigil	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpilit	pilit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpinta	pinta	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpipigil	pigil	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpipilit	pilit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpipinta	pinta	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpumilit	pilit	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magpunas	punas	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpuno'	puno'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magpupumilit	pilit	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magpupunas	punas	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpupuno'	puno'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magpupunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magregalo	regalo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magregaluhan	regalo	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magreregalo	regalo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magreregaluhan	regalo	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magsabi	sabi	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsali	sali	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsalita'	salita'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magsama	sama	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsara	sara	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsasabi	sabi	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasali	sali	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasalita'	salita'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magsasama	sama	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasara	sara	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasauli'	sauli'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsauli'	sauli'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsigawan	sigaw	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magsikap	sikap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsiraan	sira'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magsisigawan	sigaw	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magsisikap	sikap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsisiraan	sira'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
magsugal	sugal	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsulat	sulat	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magsumikap	sikap	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magsunog	sunog	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magsusugal	sugal	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsusukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsusulat	sulat	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magsusumikap	sikap	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magsusunog	sunog	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magsusuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtago'	tago'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtakip	takip	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtanim	tanim	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtanong	tanong	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtapos	tapos	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtatago'	tago'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatakip	takip	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatanim	tanim	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatanong	tanong	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatapos	tapos	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatawa	tawa	Intensive-AF-Cont.
magtatawid	tawid	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtatrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtawa	tawa	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magtawld	tawid	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtinda	tinda	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtitigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtitinda	tinda	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magtrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtratrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magturo'	turo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magtuturo'	turo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magugulat	gulat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
magugulat	gulat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magugulo	gulo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maguguluhan	gulo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magugupit	gupit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
magugupitan	gupit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
magugutom	gutom	Indicative-AF-Cont.
magulat	gulat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
magulat	gulat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magulo	gulo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maguluhan	gulo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magumiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Inf.
magumpiga	umpisa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magupit	gupit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
magupitan	gupit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
magusap	usap	Indicative-AF-PL-Inf.
magutom	gutom	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maguumiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Cont.
maguumpisa	umpisa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maguusap	usap	Indicative-AF-PL-Cont.
maguuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maguwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
magyakapan	yakap	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Inf.
magyayakapan	yakap	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Cont.
mahabaan	haba'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahabol	habol	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahahabaan	haba'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahahabol	habol	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahahalikan	halik	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahahaluan	halo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahahanap	hanap	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahahanapan	hanap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahaharap	harap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahahawakan	hawak	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahal	mahal	INFINITIVE
mahalikan	halik	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahalin	mahal	Indicative-DF-Inf.
mahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahaluan	halo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahanap	hanap	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahanapan	hanap	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maharap	harap	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahawakan	hawak	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mahigaan	higa	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mahihigaan	higa	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihila	hila	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahihilahan	hila	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihingahan	hinga	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihingan	hingi'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahihintay	hintay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahihintuan	hinto'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihiram	hiram	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahihiraman	hiram	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahihiwaan	hiwa'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mahihiya'	hiya'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mahila	hila	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahilahan	hila	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahingahan	hinga	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahingan	hingi'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahintay	hintay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahintuan	hinto'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahiram	hiram	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahiraman	hiram	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahiwaan	hiwa'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mahugasan	hugas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mahuhugasan	hugas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahuhuli	huli	Accidental-AF-Cont.
mahuhuli	huli	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mahuli	huli	Accidental-AF-Inf.
mahuli	huli	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maiaabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiaakyat	akyat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maiakyat	akyat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibaba'	baba'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibababa'	baba'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibabalik	balik	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibabalita'	balita'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibabawal	bawal	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibabayad	bayad	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibalik	balik	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibalita'	balita'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibawal	bawal	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibayad	bayad	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibibigay	bigay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibibihis	bihis	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibibili	bili	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maibigan	ibig	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maibigay	bigay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibihis	bihis	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maibili	bili	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maibubukas	bukas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maibukas	bukas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maidagdag	dagdag	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maidagdag	dagdag	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maidaragdag	dagdag	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maigaganti	ganti	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maiganti	ganti	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maigugupit	gupit	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maigupit	gupit	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maihagis	hagis	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihahagis	hagis	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihahanap	hanap	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maihahanda'	handa'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihahatid	hatid	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihanap	hanap	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maihanda'	handa'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihatid	hatid	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihiga'	higa	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihihiga'	higa	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihihinga	hinga	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maihihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maihihiram	hiram	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maihihiwa	hiwa'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maihinga	hinga	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maihiram	hiram	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maihuhuli	huli	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maihuli	huli	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maiibigan	ibig	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maiingayan	ingay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maiinit	init	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiinom	inom	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiintindihan	intindi	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiinuman	inom	Aptative-LF-Cont.
maiipon	ipon	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Cont.
maiisip	isip	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiisipan	isip	Accidental-OF-Cont.
maiiwan	iwan	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maiiwanan	iwan	Accidental-AF-Cont.
maiiwanan	iwan	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maiiyakan	iyak	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maikababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Inf.
maikabababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
maikagagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Cont.
maikagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Inf.
maikakababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
maikakagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Cont.
maikakanta	kanta	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maikakasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maikanta	kanta	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maikasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maikokopya	kopya	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maikopya	kopya	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maikuha	kuha	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maikukuha	kuha	Aptative-BF-Cont.
mailabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mailagay	lagay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mailalabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mailalagay	lagay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mailalayo'	layo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mailayo'	layo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mailigaw	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mailigpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mailiko'	liko'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maililigaw	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maililigpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maililiko'	liko'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maililipat	lipat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mailipat	lipat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mailuluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mailuto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maimamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maimaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maingayan	ingay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mainit	init	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mainom	inom	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maintindihan	intindi	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mainuman	inom	Aptative-LF-Inf.
maipaaayos	ayos	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipaayos	ayos	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipagbibili	pagbili	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipagbili	pagbili	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipagbubukas	bukas	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagbukas	bukas	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipagdadala	dala	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagdala	dala	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipagdarasal	dasal	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagdasal	dasal	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipaghahanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipaghahatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipaghatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipaghugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipaghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagluluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipagmamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-BF-Inf.
maipagpalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-BF-Cont.
maipagpapalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipagpapatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipakakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipakikilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maipakikita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipakilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maipakita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipalalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipambabayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipambayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipambibili	bili	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipambili	bili	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipambubuhat	buhat	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipambubura	bura	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipambuhat	buhat	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipambura	bura	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipampunas	punas	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Inf.
maipananahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Cont.
maipangako	pangako	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipanggagamot	gamot	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanggamot	gamot	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanggugulat	gulat	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanggulat	gulat	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghahalo'	halo'	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanghalo'	halo'	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghihila	hila	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanghihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanghila	hila	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanghuhuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanghuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipanglilinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipanglinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipangsugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maipangsusugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapagdala	dala	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipapagpalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipapakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipapakilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maipapakita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipapalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapambayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapambili	bili	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapampunas	punas	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Cont.
maipapangako	pangako	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapanghagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanghila	hila	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanghiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanghugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanghuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapanglinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipapangsugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maipaparinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipapasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-A1F-Inf.
maipapasok	pasok	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipapasunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
maipapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maipappangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Cont.
maiparinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maiparirinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipasok	pasok	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipasunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipasusunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
maipasyal	pasyal	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maipatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
maipatutuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipatutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
maipilit	pilit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipinta	pinta	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipipilit	pilit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipipinta	pinta	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maipon	ipon	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mairegalo	regalo	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maireregalo	regalo	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisagot	sagot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisakay	sakay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisali	sali	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisama	sama	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisara	sara	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisasagot	sagot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasakay	sakay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasali	sali	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasama	sama	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasara	sara	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisip	isip	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisipan	isip	Accidental-OF-Inf.
maisugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Inf.
maisukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maisusugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Cont.
maisusukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisusulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maisusuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitago'	tago'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitahi'	tahi'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
maitanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitanong	tanong	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitatago'	tago'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
maitatanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitatanong	tanong	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitatawid	tawid	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitawid	tawid	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitayo'	tayo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitigil	tigil	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maitinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maititigil	tigil	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maititinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maituloy	tuloy	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maituro'	turo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maitutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maitutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maituturo'	turo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiuuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maiuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maiwan	iwan	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maiwanan	iwan	Accidental-AF-Inf.
maiwanan	iwan	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maiyakan	iyak	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makaaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makabababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makababalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makababasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makababasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Cont.
makababati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabalita'	balita'	Accidental-AF-Inf.
makabasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Inf.
makabati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabibilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabibili	bili	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabibiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabili	bili	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabubuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabubuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makabubusog	busog	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makabuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makabusbg	busog	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makadadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makadarasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makadasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makagagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makagagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makagaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagat	kagat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makagatan	kagat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaggalaw	galaw	Causative-A1F-Inf.
makagigising	gising	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagising	gising	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagugulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagugulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makagugupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makagulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makagulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makagupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahaba'	haba'	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahahaba'	haba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makahahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahanap	hanap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahihila	hila	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahihinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Cont.
makahihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahihinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahihiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahila	hila	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Inf.
makahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makahuhuli	huli	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makahuli	huli	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaiibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaiingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makaiinit	init	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makaiinom	inom	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaiintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaiisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Cont.
makaiiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makain	kain	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makainan	kain	Aptative-LF-Inf.
makaingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makainit	init	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makainom	inom	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Inf.
makaiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makakababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabalita'	balita'	Accidental-AF-Cont.
makakabasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Cont.
makakabati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabili	bili	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakabusog	busog	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakadasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagat	kagat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakagat	kagat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makakagatan	kagat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makakagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagising	gising	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakagulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakagupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahaba'	haba'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahanap	hanap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahila	hila	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Cont.
makakahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakahuli	huli	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakain	kain	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakain	kain	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makakainan	kain	Aptative-LF-Cont.
makakaingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakainit	init	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakainom	inom	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Cont.
makakaiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakagat	kagat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakain	kain	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakanta	kanta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakausap	kausap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakita	kita	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakakuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaligo'	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makakalinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakalipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakalipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakangiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakanta	kanta	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakanta	kanta	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makakantahan	kanta	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makakapagabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagalaga'	alaga'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbaba	baba'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagbura	bura	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagdagdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagdala	dala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagdasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagdilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaggamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaginit	init	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapaglipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagnakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakapagpaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpalaki	palaki	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpaligo'	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Cont.
makakapagpatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Cont.
makakapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagpuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsali	sali	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsalita'	salita'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsama	sama	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsara	sara	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagsuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagtrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapagusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Cont.
makakapaguwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapakinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapamili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapanira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapanligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makakapanood	panood	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Cont.
makakapigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakapunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaraan	daan	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Cont.
makakarating	dating	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakarinig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makakasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Cont.
makakasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasama'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makakasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakasuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Cont.
makakatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaunawa'	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakaupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakausap	kausap	Accidental-DF-Cont.
makakausap	kausap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakausap	kausap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makakauwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakikilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakikilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakita	kita	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakokopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makakopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makakukuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makalalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makalalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makalalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaligo'	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaliligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaliligo'	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaliliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalilimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalilimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makalilinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makalilipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalilipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makalimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makalinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makalipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makalipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makangingiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makangiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makanta	kanta	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makantahan	kanta	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makapagaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaalaga'	alaga'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagaayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makapagakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagalaga'	alaga'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagalas	alis	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbaba'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbabalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbabasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbabawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbabayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbibigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbibihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbibili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbubukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbubura	bura	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagbukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagbura	bura	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagdadala	dala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagdagdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagdala	dala	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagdaragdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagdarasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagdasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagdidilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagdilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaggagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaggamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghahagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghahalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghahanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghahatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghihiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghihintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghihinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaghintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagiingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagiinit	init	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagiipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagiisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagiiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaginit	init	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglalaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglalagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglalaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagliligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglilinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglilipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaglinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaglipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagluluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagmamaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagnakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagnanakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makapagpaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Inf.
makapagpahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpalaki	palaki	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpaligo'	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-AF-Inf.
makapagpalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpapaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapalaki	palaki	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapaligo'	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Cont.
makapagpapatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
makapagpapatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Cont.
makapagpapatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpaplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Inf.
makapagpatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Inf.
makapagpatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Inf.
makapagpatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Inf.
makapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpipigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpipinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagpupunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagpupuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagreregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsali	sali	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsalita'	salita'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsama	sama	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsara	sara	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsasabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasalita'	salita'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasara	sara	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsisikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagsusugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsusukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsusunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagsusuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtatago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtatrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtawld	tawid	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtitigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtitinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagtrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtratrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagtuturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapagumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapagusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Inf.
makapaguumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaguusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Cont.
makapaguuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapaguwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapakikinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapakinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapamamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapamamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapamili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapamimili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapananahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapaninira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapanira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapanligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Inf.
makapanliligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Cont.
makapanonood	panood	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapanood	panood	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Cont.
makapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Inf.
makapigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapipigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapipili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapipilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makapuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makapunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makapupunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapupunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makapupuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapupuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makapupunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makapuputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaraan	daan	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Inf.
makararaan	daan	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makararamdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Cont.
makararating	dating	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makarating	dating	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makarinig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaririnig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Inf.
makasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasama'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makasasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasasama'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makasasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Cont.
makasasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Inf.
makasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasisira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makasusukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasusulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasusunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makasusuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Cont.
makatatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatatayo	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Inf.
makatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatitigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatitikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatitingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makatutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatutulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatutulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makatuturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makaunawa'	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makaupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makausap	kausap	Accidental-DF-Inf.
makausap	kausap	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makauunawa'	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makauupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makauuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makauwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Inf.
makayayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Cont.
makikilala	kilala	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makikinig	pakinig	Indicative-AF-Cont.
makikipaglaro'	laro	Associative-AF-Cont.
makikipagusap	pagusap	Associative-AF-Cont.
makikisakay	sakay	Associative-AF-Cont.
makikita	kita	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makikiusap	pakiusap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
makilala	kilala	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makinig	pakinig	Indicative-AF-Inf.
makipaglaro'	laro	Associative-AF-Inf.
makipagusap	pagusap	Associative-AF-Inf.
makisakay	sakay	Associative-AF-Inf.
makita	kita	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makiusap	pakiusap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
makokopya	kopya	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makokopyahan	kopya	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makopya	kopya	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makopyahan	kopya	Aptative-DF-Inf.
makuha	kuha	Aptative-OF-Inf.
makukuha	kuha	Aptative-OF-Cont.
makukunan	kuha	Aptative-DF-Cont.
makunan	kuha	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malabanan	laban	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malabhan	laba	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malagyan	lagay	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malakad	lakad	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malakaran	lakad	Aptative-LF-Inf.
malakasan	lakas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malakihan	laki	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malalabanan	laban	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalabhan	laba	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalagyan	lagay	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalakad	lakad	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalakaran	lakad	Aptative-LF-Cont.
malalakasan	lakas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalakihan	laki	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalaman	alam	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalangoy	langoy	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalapitan	lapit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalaro'	laro	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malalayo'	layo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malalayuan	layo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
malaman	alam	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malangoy	langoy	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malapitan	lapit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malaro'	laro	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malayfian	layo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
malayo'	layo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mali	mali	INFINITIVE
maligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maligawan	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maligo'	ligo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maligpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malikuan	liko'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maliligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maliligawan	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maliligo'	ligo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maliligpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malilikuan	liko'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malilimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malilinis	linis	Aptative-OF-Cont.
malilipatan	lipat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
malimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Inf.
malinis	linis	Aptative-OF-Inf.
malipatan	lipat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maluluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
maluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mamahalin	mahal	Indicative-DF-Cont.
mamalantsa	plantsa	Distributive-AF-Inf.
mamamalantsa	plantsa	Distributive-AF-Cont.
mamamaneho	maneho	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mamamasyal	pasyal	Distributive-AF-Cont.
mamamatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
mamaneho	maneho	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mamanehuhin	maneho	Indicative-OF-Cont.
mamasyal	pasyal	Distributive-AF-Inf.
mamatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mamila	bili	Distributive-AF-Inf.
mamili'	pili'	Distributive-AF-Inf.
mamimili	bili	Distributive-AF-Cont.
mamimili'	pili'	Distributive-AF-Cont.
mamuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mamumuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
manahi'	tahi'	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manakaw	nakaw	Aptative-OF-Inf.
manakawan	nakaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
manalo	panalo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mananahi'	tahi'	Distributive-AF-Cont.
mananakaw	nakaw	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mananakawan	nakaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mananalo	panalo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
maneho	maneho	INFINITIVE
manehuhin	maneho	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mangako	pangako	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mangangako	pangako	Indicative-AF-Cont.
manggagaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Cont.
manggaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Inf.
manggigising	gising	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manggising	gising	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manggugulat	gulat	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manggugulo	gulo	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manggugupit	gupit	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manggulat	gulat	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manggulo	gulo	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manggupit	gupit	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manghihiram	hiram	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manghiram	hiram	Distributive-AF-Inf.
mangingitian	ngiti	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mangitian	ngiti	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mangyari	pangyari	Indicative-DF-Inf.
mangyayari	pangyari	Indicative-DF-Cont.
maninira'	sira'	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manira'	sira'	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manligaw	ligaw	Distributive-AF-Inf.
manliligaw	ligaw	Distributive-AF-Cont.
manonood	panood	Indicative-AF-Cont.
manood	panood	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mapadalaw	dalaw	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapagaaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagaaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapagagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapagaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapagaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapagbabati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapagbati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapagbibilhan	pagbili	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagbilhan	pagbili	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapaghahandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
mapaghandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Inf.
mapagiisipan	isip	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapagisipan	isip	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapagkukunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapagkunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapaglabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Inf.
mapaglagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapaglalabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Cont.
mapaglalagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapaglalaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapaglaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapaglulutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapaglutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapagod	pagod	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mapagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Inf.
mapagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Cont.
mapagpilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagpipilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagsarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagsarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagsikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagsisikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagtaguan	tago'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagtaguan	tago'	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapagtakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapagtataguan	tago'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagtataguan	tago'	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapagtatakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapagusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Inf.
mapaguusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Cont.
mapahagis	hagis	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapahahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapaharap	harap	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapahihinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapahinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapahiya'	hiya'	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapaiyak	iyak	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapakakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Cont.
mapakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Inf.
mapakanta	kanta	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapakasal	kasal	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapakikinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapakinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapalaban	laban	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Inf.
mapalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapalalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapalalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapalalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapalalayo'	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapalapit	lapit	Accidental-AF-Inf.
mapalayo'	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapaliguan	paligo'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapalitan	palit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapalitan	palit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapamahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Inf.
mapamamahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Cont.
mapanalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapananalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapangakuan	pangako	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapanggagalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapanggalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapangiti'	ngiti	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapanood	panood	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapansin	pansin	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapapadalaw	dalaw	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapagaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapagbati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapaghandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Cont.
mapapagkunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapapaglabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Cont.
mapapaglagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapapaglaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapaglutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapapagod	pagod	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mapapagpilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapagsarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapagsarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapagsikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapagtakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapagusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Cont.
mapapahagis	hagis	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapaharap	harap	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapahinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapahiya'	hiya'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapaiyak	iyak	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Cont.
mapapakanta	kanta	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapakasal	kasal	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapakinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapalaban	laban	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Cont.
mapapalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapalapit	lapit	Accidental-AF-Cont.
mapapalayo'	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapaliguan	paligo'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapalitan	palit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapalitan	palit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapamahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Cont.
mapapanalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapangakuan	pangako	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapanggalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapangiti'	ngiti	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapanood	panood	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapansin	pansin	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapapunta	punta	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapaparaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapasagot	sagot	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapapasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapapasalubungan	pasalubong	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Cont.
mapapasigaw	sigaw	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapasok	pasok	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapasukan	pasok	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapasyalan	pasyal	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapapatawa	tawa	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapatay	patay	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapatigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Cont.
mapapatigil	tigil	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapatingin	tingin	Involuntary-OF-Cont.
mapapatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapapaupo'	upo'	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapapayakap	yakap	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapaplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapapunta	punta	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
maparaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
maparaanan	daan	Involuntary-DF-Inf.
mapararaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Cont.
mapararaanan	daan	Involuntary-DF-Cont.
mapasagot	sagot	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Inf.
mapasalubungan	pasalubong	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Inf.
mapasasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapasasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Cont.
mapasasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Cont.
mapasigaw	sigaw	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapasok	pasok	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapasukan	pasok	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapasyalan	pasyal	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapatawa	tawa	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapatay	patay	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapatigil	tigil	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapatingin	tingin	Involuntary-OF-Inf.
mapatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Inf.
mapatutulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Cont.
mapaupo'	upo'	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapayakap	yakap	Involuntary-AF-Inf.
mapigil	pigil	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapili'	pili'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapilit	pilit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapilitan	pilit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
mapintahan	pinta	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapipigil	pigil	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapipili'	pili'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapipilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Inf.
mapipilit	pilit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapipilitan	pilit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mapipintahan	pinta	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapunasan	punas	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapunit	punit	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mapunitan	punit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapuno'	puno'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mapuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mapuntahan	punta	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mapupunasan	punas	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapupunit	punit	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapupunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
mapupunitan	punit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapupuno'	puno'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapupuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
mapupuntahan	punta	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mapuputol	putol	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mapuputulan	putol	Aptative-DF-Cont.
maputol	putol	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maputulan	putol	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maraanan	daan	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maramdaman	damdam	Indicative-OF-Inf.
mararaanan	daan	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mararamdaman	damdam	Indicative-OF-Cont.
mararating	dating	Aptative-DF-Cont.
marating	dating	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maratnan	dating	Accidental-DF-Inf.
maregaluhan	regalo	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mareregaluhan	regalo	Aptative-DF-Cont.
marinig	dinig	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maririnig	dinig	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masabi	sabi	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masabihan	sabi	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masagot	sagot	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masaktan	sakit	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masakyan	sakay	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masallhan	sali	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Inf.
masamahan	sama	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masara	sara	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masasabi	sabi	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masasabihan	sabi	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasagot	sagot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasaktan	sakit	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasakyan	sakay	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasalihan	sali	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Cont.
masasamahan	sama	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasara	sara	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masasarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masasaulian	sauli'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masasayawan	sayaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masaullan	sauli'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masayawan	sayaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masigawan	sigaw	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masikap	sikap	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masira'	sira'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
masiraan	sira'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
masisikap	sikap	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masisira'	sira'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masisira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
masisiraan	sira'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masisiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
masukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masukatan	sukat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masulatan	sulat	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masundan	sunod	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masunod	sunod	Aptative-DF-Inf.
masunog	sunog	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Inf.
masunugan	sunog	Indicative-DF-Inf.
masuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Inf.
masusukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masusukatan	sukat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masusulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masusulatan	sulat	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masusundan	sunod	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masusunod	sunod	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masusunog	sunog	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masusunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Cont.
masusunugan	sunog	Indicative-DF-Cont.
masusuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Cont.
masusuutan	suot	Aptative-DF-Cont.
masuutan	suot	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matahi'	tahi'	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matakbo	takbo	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matakbuhan	takbo	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matakot	takot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
matakpan	takip	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matalo	talo	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matalo	talo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
matalon	talon	Aptative-LF-Inf.
matamnan	tanim	Aptative-LF-Inf.
matanggap	tanggap	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Inf.
mataniman	tanim	Aptative-LF-Inf.
matanong	tanong	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matapos	tapos	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matatakbo	takbo	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatakbuhan	takbo	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatakot	takot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
matatakpan	takip	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matatalo	talo	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatalo	talo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
matatalon	talon	Aptative-LF-Cont.
matatamnan	tanim	Aptative-LF-Cont.
matatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matatanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matataniman	tanim	Aptative-LF-Cont.
matatanong	tanong	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatapos	tapos	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matatawa	tawa	Accidental-AF-Cont.
matatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Cont.
matatawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Cont.
matatawanan	tawa	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatawid	tawid	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatayuan	tayo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matatrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matawa	tawa	Accidental-AF-Inf.
matawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Inf.
matawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Inf.
matawanan	tawa	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matawld	tawid	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matayuan	tayo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matigilan	tigil	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matignan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matikman	tikim	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matingnan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matitigilan	tigil	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matitignan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matitikman	tikim	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matitinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matitingnan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matratrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Inf.
matulog	tulog	Indicative-AF-Inf.
matulugan	tulog	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matulungan	tulong	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maturuan	turo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
matuto	tuto	Indicative-AF-Inf.
matutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Cont.
matutuhan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Inf.
matutulog	tulog	Indicative-AF-Cont.
matutulugan	tulog	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matutulungan	tulong	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matutunan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Inf.
matuturuan	turo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
matututo	tuto	Indicative-AF-Cont.
matututuhan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Cont.
maumpisahan	umpisa	Aptative-OF-Inf.
maunawaan	unawa'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maupan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
maupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
maupuan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mauumpisahan	umpisa	Aptative-OF-Cont.
mauunawaan	unawa'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mauupan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mauupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
mauupuan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mauuwian	uwi'	Aptative-DF-Cont.
mauwian	uwi'	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mayakap	yakap	Accidental-OF-Inf.
mayakap	yakap	Aptative-DF-Inf.
mayayakap	yakap	Accidental-OF-Cont.
mayayakap	yakap	Aptative-DF-Cont.
minahal	mahal	Indicative-DF-Perf.
minamahal	mahal	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
minamaneho	maneho	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
minaneho	maneho	Indicative-OF-Perf.
naaabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naaabutan	abot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naaakyat	akyat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaakyatan	akyat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaalagaan	alaga'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naaalala	alala	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naaalis	alis	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naaalisan	alis	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaasahan	asa	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naaayos	ayos	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naabutan	abot	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naakyat	akyat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naakyatan	akyat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naalagaan	alaga'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naalala	alala	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naalis	alis	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naalisan	alis	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naasahan	asa	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naaway	away	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naayos	ayos	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nababaan	baba'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabababaan	baba'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababalikan	balik	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababalitaan	balita'	Accidental-OF-Imperf.
nababalitaan	balita'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababasa	basa	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nababasag	basag	Accidental-OF-Imperf.
nababasahan	basa	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababati'	bati'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababawalan	bawal	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nababayaran	bayad	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nabalikan	balik	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabalitaan	balita'	Accidental-OF-Perf.
nabalitaan	balita'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabasa	basa	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabasag	basag	Accidental-OF-Perf.
nabasahan	basa	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabati'	bati'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabawalan	bawal	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabayaran	bayad	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabibigo'	bigo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nabibigyan	bigay	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nabibihisan	bihis	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nabibilang	bilang	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabibilangan	bilang	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nabibilhan	bili	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nabibili	bili	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabibiro'	biro'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabigo'	bigo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nabigyan	bigay	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabihisan	bihis	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabilang	bilang	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabilangan	bilang	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabilhan	bili	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nabili	bili	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabiro'	biro'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabubuhat	buhat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabubuhay	buhay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabubuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nabubuksan	bukas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabubura	bura	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nabubusog	busog	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nabuhat	buhat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabuhay	buhay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nabuksan	bukas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabura	bura	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nabusog	busog	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nadadala	dala	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nadadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nadadalhan	dala	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nadagdagan	dagdag	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nadala	dala	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nadalhan	dala	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nadaragdagan	dagdag	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nadarasal	dasal	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nadarasalan	dasal	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nadaratnan	dating	Accidental-DF-Imperf.
nadasal	dasal	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nadasalan	dasal	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nadidilig	dilig	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nadidiligan	dilig	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nadilig	dilig	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nadiligan	dilig	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagaabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaalaga'	alaga'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaalala	alala	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaaral	aral	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagaaway	away	Indicative-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagaayos	ayos	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagagalit	galit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagagamit	gamit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagagamitan	gamit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nagagamot	gamot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagagampanan	ganap	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagaganap	ganap	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagagandahan	ganda	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagagantihan	ganti	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nagagasta	gasta	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagagawan	gawa'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nagaksaya	aksaya	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagalaga'	alaga'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagalala	alala	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagalaw	galaw	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagalit	galit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagamit	gamit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagamitan	gamit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nagamot	gamot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagampanan	ganap	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naganap	ganap	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagandahan	ganda	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagantihan	ganti	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nagaral	aral	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagasta	gasta	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagawan	gawa'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nagaway	away	Indicative-AF-PL-Perf.
nagayos	ayos	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbaba'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbababa'	baba'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbabalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbabalita'	balita'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbabasa	basa	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagbabasag	basag	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagbabati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbabatian	bati'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagbabawal	bawal	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbabayad	bayad	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbalik	balik	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbalita'	balita'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbasa	basa	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagbasag	basag	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagbati'	bati'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbatian	bati'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagbawal	bawal	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbayad	bayad	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbibigay	bigay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbibihis	bihis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbibilang	bilang	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagbibili	pagbili	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbibiro'	biro'	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagbibiruan	biro'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagbilang	bilang	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagbili	pagbili	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbiro'	biro'	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagbiruan	biro'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagbubukas	bukas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbubura	bura	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagbukas	bukas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagbukas	bukas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagbura	bura	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdaan	daan	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdadala	dala	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdagdag	dagdag	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagdagdag	dagdag	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdala	dala	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdamdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdaraan	daan	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagdaraan	daan	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdaragdag	dagdag	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdarasal	dasal	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdasal	dasal	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagdidilig	dilig	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagdilig	dilig	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naggagamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naggamot	gamot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naggugupit	gupit	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
naggupit	gupit	Intensive-AF-Perf.
naghabol	habol	Intensive-AF-Perf.
naghabulan	habol	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naghagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghahabol	habol	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
naghahabulan	habol	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
naghahagis	hagis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghahalikan	halik	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
naghahalo'	halo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghahanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghahatid	hatid	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghahawakan	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
naghalikan	halik	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naghalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naghalo'	halo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghanda'	handa'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghatid	hatid	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghawak	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naghawakan	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naghiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghihilahan	hila	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
naghihinga	hinga	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naghihinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghihintay	hintay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghihinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghihiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naghilahan	hila	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naghinga	hinga	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghintay	hintay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghinto'	hinto'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghiwa'	hiwa'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghugas	hugas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naghuhugas	hugas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiging	maging	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagigising	gising	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagiiiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagiingay	ingay	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagiinit	init	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiintindi	intindi	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiipon	ipon	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiisip	isip	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagiiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Perf.
naging	maging	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagingay	ingay	Intensive-AF-Perf.
naginit	init	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagintindi	intindi	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagipon	ipon	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagising	gising	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagisip	isip	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagkahiyaan	hiya'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkaibigan	ibig	Reciprocal-AF-Perf.
nagkaiintindihan	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkaintindihan	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkakahiyaan	hiya'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkakaibigan	ibig	Reciprocal-AF-Imperf.
nagkakain	kain	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagkakain	kain	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagkakaintindihin	intindi	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkakakain	kain	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagkakamali'	mali	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagkakantahan	kanta	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkakaroon	pagkaroon	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagkakasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagkakasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkakasama	sama	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagkakasama	sama	Indicative-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkakausap	usap	Accidental-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkamali'	mali	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagkantahan	kanta	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkaroon	pagkaroon	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagkasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagkasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkasama	sama	Indicative-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkausap	usap	Accidental-AF-PL-Perf.
nagkikita	kita	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagkita	kita	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
naglaba	laba	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naglaban	laban	Indicative-AF-PL-Perf.
naglabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naglagay	lagay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naglakad	lakad	Intensive-AF-Perf.
naglalaba	laba	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglalaban	laban	Indicative-AF-PL-Imperf.
naglalabas	labas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglalagay	lagay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglalakad	lakad	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
naglalaro'	laro	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglaro'	laro	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagligpit	ligpit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagliligpit	ligpit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglilinis	linis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglilipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naglinis	linis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagluluto'	luto'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagluto'	luto'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagmaghalan	mahal	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagmahal	mahal	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagmamahal	mahal	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagmamahalan	mahal	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagmamaneho	maneho	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagmaneho	maneho	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagmmahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Perf.
nagnakaw	nakaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagnanakaw	nakaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpaaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nagpaabot	abot	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaakyat	akyat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaalala	alala	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaalam	alam	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaalam	paalam	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpaalis	alis	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaaral	aral	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaasa	asa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaayos	ayos	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpabalik	balik	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabalik	balik	Causative-AF-Perf.
nagpabalita'	balita'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabasa	basa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabasag	basag	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabati'	bati'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabawal	bawal	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabayad	bayad	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabigay	bigay	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabihis	bihis	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabilang	bilang	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabili	bili	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabiro'	biro'	Causative-AF-Perf.
nagpabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
nagpabukas	bukas	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpabura	bura	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpadagdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpadala	dala	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpadaragdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpadasal	dasal	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpadilig	dilig	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagalaw	galaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagaling	galing	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagalit	galit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagamit	gamit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagamot	gamot	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaganap	ganap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaganda	ganda	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaganti	ganti	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagasta	gasta	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagising	gising	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagulat	gulat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagulo	gulo	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagupit	gupit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpagutom	gutom	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahaba'	haba'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahabol	habol	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahagis	hagis	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahalik	halik	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahalo'	halo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahanap	hanap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahanda'	handa'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaharap	harap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahatid	hatid	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahawak	hawak	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahawak	hawak	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagpahiga'	higa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahila	hila	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahinga	pahinga	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahintay	hintay	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahiram	hiram	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahugas	hugas	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpahuli	huli	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaibig	ibig	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpainit	init	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpainon	inom	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaintindi	intindi	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaipon	ipon	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaisip	isip	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaiwan	iwan	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaiyak	iyak	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakabusog	busog	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakagat	kagat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakamatay	pakamatay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpakanta	kanta	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakasal	kasal	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakausap	kausap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakilala	pakilala	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpakilos	kilos	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakita	kita	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakopya	kopya	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpakuha	kuha	Causative-AF-Perf.
nagpalaba	laba	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalaban	laban	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalabas	labas	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalagay	lagay	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalakad	lakad	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalakas	lakas	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalaki	laki	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalaki	palaki	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpalamig	lamig	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalapit	lapit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalaro'	laro	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalayo'	layo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaligo'	paligo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpaligpit	ligpit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaliko'	liko'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalinis	linis	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalipad	lipad	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalipat	lipat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpalitan	palit	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagpaluto'	luto'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpamaneho	maneho	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapaabot	abot	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaakyat	akyat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaalala	alala	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaalam	alam	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaalam	paalam	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapaalis	alis	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaaral	aral	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaasa	asa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaayos	ayos	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapababa'	baba'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabalik	balik	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabalik	balik	Causative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapabalita'	balita'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabasa	basa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabasag	basag	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabati'	bati'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabawal	bawal	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabayad	bayad	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabigay	bigay	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabihis	bihis	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabilang	bilang	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabili	bili	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabiro'	biro'	Causative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
nagpapabukas	bukas	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapabura	bura	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapadagdag	dagdag	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapadala	dala	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapadasal	dasal	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapadilig	dilig	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagalaw	galaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagaling	galing	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagalit	galit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagamit	gamit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagamot	gamot	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaganap	ganap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaganda	ganda	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaganti	ganti	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagasta	gasta	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagising	gising	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagod	pagod	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapagulat	gulat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagulo	gulo	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagupit	gupit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapagutom	gutom	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahaba'	haba'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahabol	habol	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahagis	hagis	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahalik	halik	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahalo'	halo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahanap	hanap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahanda'	handa'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaharap	harap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahatid	hatid	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahawak	hawak	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahiga'	higa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahila	hila	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahinga	pahinga	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahintay	hintay	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahiram	hiram	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahugas	hugas	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapahuli	huli	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaibig	ibig	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapainit	init	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapainom	inom	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaintindi	intindi	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaipon	ipon	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaisip	isip	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaiwan	iwan	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaiyak	iyak	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakabusog	busog	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakagat	kagat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakain	kain	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakamatay	pakamatay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapakanta	kanta	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakasal	kasal	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakausap	kausap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakilala	pakilala	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapakilos	kilos	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakinig	pakinig	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapakita	kita	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakopya	kopya	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapakuha	kuha	Causative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapalaba	laba	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalaban	laban	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalabas	labas	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalagay	lagay	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalakad	lakad	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalakas	lakas	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalaki	laki	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalaki	palaki	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapalamig	lamig	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalapit	lapit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalaro'	laro	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalayo'	layo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapaligo'	paligo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapaligpit	ligpit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaliko'	liko'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalinis	linis	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalipad	lipad	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalipat	lipat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapalit	palit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapalitan	palit	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagpapaluto'	luto'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapamaneho	maneho	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapanagko	pangako	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapanalo	panalo	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapanood	panood	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapansin	pansin	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapapagod	pagod	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapakinig	pakinig	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapalit	palit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapanalo	panalo	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapangako	pangako	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapanood	panood	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapansin	pansin	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapasok	pasok	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapigil	pigil	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapili'	pili'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapilit	pilit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapinta	pinta	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapunas	punas	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapunit	punit	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapuno'	puno'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapapunta	punta	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaputol	putol	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpaparaan	daan	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpaparamdam	damdam	Causative-AF-Imperf.
nagpaparegalo	regalo	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpaparinig	dinig	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasagot	sagot	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasakay	sakay	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasali	sali	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasalubong	pasalubong	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapasalubong	salubong	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasama	sama	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasama'	sama'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasara	sara	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasaya	saya	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A1F-Cont.
nagpapasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasira'	sira'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasok	pasok	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapasugal	sugal	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasukat	sukat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasulat	sulat	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasunod	sunod	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasunog	sunog	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasuot	suot	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapasyal	pasyal	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapatago'	tago'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatakbo	takbo	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatakip	takip	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatalo	talo	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatalon	talon	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatanim	tanim	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatanong	tanong	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatapos	tapos	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatawa	tawa	Causative-A1F-Cont.
nagpapatawa	tawa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatawag	tawag	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatawid	tawid	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatigil	tigil	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatikim	tikim	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatinda	tinda	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatingin	patingin	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatulog	tulog	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatulong	tulong	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
nagpapatuloy	tuloy	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaturo'	turo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapaupo'	upo'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapayakap	yakap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpapigil	pigil	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapili'	pili'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapilit	pilit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapinta	pinta	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpapunas	punas	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapunit	punit	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapuno'	puno'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpapunta	punta	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaputol	putol	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagparamdam	damdam	Causative-AF-Perf.
nagparegalo	regalo	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagparinig	dinig	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasagot	sagot	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasakay	sakay	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasali	sali	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasalubong	pasalubong	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpasalubong	salubong	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasama	sama	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasama	sama	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpasama'	sama'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasara	sara	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasasabi	sabi	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nagpasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasaya	saya	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasira'	sira'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpasugal	sugal	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasukat	sukat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasulat	sulat	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasunod	sunod	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasunog	sunog	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasuot	suot	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpasyal	pasyal	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpatago'	tago'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatakbo	takbo	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatakip	takip	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatalo	talo	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatalon	talon	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatanim	tanim	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatanong	tanong	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatapos	tapos	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatawa	tawa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatawag	tawag	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatawid	tawid	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpatigil	tigil	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatikim	tikim	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatinda	tinda	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatingin	patingin	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatulog	tulog	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatulong	tulong	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpatuloy	patuloy	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpatuloy	tuloy	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaturo'	turo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaunwa'	unawa'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpaupo'	upo'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpayakap	yakap	Causative-A1F-Perf.
nagpigil	pigil	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpilit	pilit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpinta	pinta	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpipigil	pigil	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpipilit	pilit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpipinta	pinta	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpumilit	pilit	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagpunas	punas	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpuno'	puno'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagpupumilit	pilit	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagpupunas	punas	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpupuno'	puno'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagpupunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagregalo	regalo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagregaluhan	regalo	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagreregalo	regalo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagreregaluhan	regalo	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagsabi	sabi	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsali	sali	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsalita'	salita'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagsama	sama	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsara	sara	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsasabi	sabi	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasali	sali	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasalita'	salita'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasalubong	salubong	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagsasara	sara	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasauli'	sauli'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsauli'	sauli'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsigawan	sigaw	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagsikap	sikap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsiraan	sira'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagsisigawan	sigaw	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagsisikap	sikap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsisiraan	sira'	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nagsugal	sugal	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsulat	sulat	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagsumikap	sikap	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagsunog	sunog	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagsusugal	sugal	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsusukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsusulat	sulat	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagsusumikap	sikap	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagsusunog	sunog	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagsusuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtago'	tago'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtakip	takip	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtanim	tanim	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtanong	tanong	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtapos	tapos	Indicative-AF-Inf.
nagtatago'	tago'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatakip	takip	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatanim	tanim	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatanong	tanong	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatapos	tapos	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatawa	tawa	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
nagtatawid	tawid	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtatrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtawa	tawa	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagtawid	tawid	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtinda	tinda	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtitigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtitinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagtitinda	tinda	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagtrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtratrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagturo'	turo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagtuturo'	turo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagugulat	gulat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nagugulat	gulat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagugulo	gulo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naguguluhan	gulo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagugupit	gupit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nagugupitan	gupit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nagugutom	gutom	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nagulat	gulat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nagulat	gulat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagulo	gulo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naguluhan	gulo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagumiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Perf.
nagumpisa	umpisa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagupit	gupit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nagupitan	gupit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nagusap	usap	Indicative-AF-PL-Perf.
nagutom	gutom	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naguumiyak	iyak	Intensive-AF-Imperf.
naguumpisa	umpisa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naguusap	usap	Indicative-AF-PL-Imperf.
naguuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naguwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nagyakapan	yakap	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Perf.
nagyayakapan	yakap	Reciprocal-AF-PL-Imperf.
nahabaan	haba'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahabol	habol	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahahabaan	haba'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahahabol	habol	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahahalikan	halik	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahahaluan	halo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahahanap	hanap	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahahanapan	hanap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahaharap	harap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahahawakan	hawak	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahalikan	halik	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahaluan	halo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahanap	hanap	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahanapan	hanap	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naharap	harap	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahawakan	hawak	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nahigaan	higa	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahihiga'	higa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nahihigaan	higa	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihila	hila	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahihilahan	hila	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihingahan	hinga	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihingan	hingi'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahihintay	hintay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahihintuan	hinto'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihiram	hiram	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahihiraman	hiram	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahihiwaan	hiwa'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nahihiya'	hiya'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nahila	hila	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahilahan	hila	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahingahan	hinga	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahingan	hingi'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahintay	hintay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahintuan	hinto'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahiram	hiram	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahiraman	hiram	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahiwaan	hiwa'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nahiya'	hiya'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nahugasan	hugas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nahuhugasan	hugas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahuhuli	huli	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nahuhuli	huli	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nahuli	huli	Accidental-AF-Perf.
nahuli	huli	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naiaabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiaakyat	akyat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiabot	abot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naiakyat	akyat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibaba'	baba'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibababa'	baba'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibabalik	balik	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibabalita'	balita'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibabawal	bawal	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibabayad	bayad	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibalik	balik	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibalita'	balita'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibawal	bawal	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibayad	bayad	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibibigay	bigay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibibihis	bihis	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naibibili	bili	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naibigan	ibig	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naibigay	bigay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibigay	bigay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naibihis	bihis	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naibihis	bihis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naibili	bili	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naibubukas	bukas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naidaragdag	dagdag	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naigaganti	ganti	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naiganti	ganti	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naigugupit	gupit	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naigupit	gupit	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naihagis	hagis	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naihahagis	hagis	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naihahalo'	halo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naihahanap	hanap	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naihahanda'	handa'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naihahatid	hatid	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naihanap	hanap	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naihanda'	handa'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naihatid	hatid	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naihiga'	higa	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naihihiga'	higa	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naihihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naihihiram	hiram	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naihihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naihinga	hinga	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naihiram	hiram	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naihuhuli	huli	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naihuli	huli	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naiibigan	ibig	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naiingayan	ingay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naiinit	init	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiinom	inom	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiintindihan	intindi	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiinuman	inom	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
naiipon	ipon	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
naiisip	isip	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiisipan	isip	Accidental-OF-Imperf.
naiiwan	iwan	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naiiwanan	iwan	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
naiiwanan	iwan	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naiiyakan	iyak	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naikababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Perf.
naikabababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
naikagagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
naikagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Perf.
naikakababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
naikakagalit	galit	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
naikakanta	kanta	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naikakasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naikanta	kanta	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naikasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naikokopya	kopya	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naikopya	kopya	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naikuha	kuha	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naikukuha	kuha	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
nailabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nailagay	lagay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nailalabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nailalagay	lagay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nailalayo'	layo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nailayo'	layo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nailigaw	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nailigpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nailiko'	liko'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naililigaw	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naililigpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naililiko'	liko'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naililipat	lipat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nailipat	lipat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nailipat	lipat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nailuluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nailuto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naimamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naimaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naingayan	ingay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nainit	init	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nainom	inom	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naintindihan	intindi	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nainuman	inom	Aptative-LF-Perf.
naipaaayos	ayos	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipaayos	ayos	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipagbibili	pagbili	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipagbili	pagbili	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipagbubukas	bukas	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagbukas	bukas	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipagdadala	dala	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagdala	dala	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipagdarasal	dasal	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagdasal	dasal	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipaghahanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipaghahatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipaghatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipaghugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipaghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagluluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipagmamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-BF-Perf.
naipagpalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-BF-Imperf.
naipagpapalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipagpapatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipakakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipakikilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naipakikita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipakilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naipakita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipalalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipamaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipambabayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipambayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipambibili	bili	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipambili	bili	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipambubuhat	buhat	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipambubuhat	buhat	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipambubura	bura	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipambura	bura	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipampunas	punas	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Perf.
naipananahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Imperf.
naipangako	pangako	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipanggagamot	gamot	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanggamot	gamot	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanggugulat	gulat	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanggulat	gulat	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghahagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Cont.
naipanghahagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghahalo'	halo'	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghalo'	halo'	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghihila	hila	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghila	hila	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghuhuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanghuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipanglilinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipanglinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipangsugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naipangsusugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapagdala	dala	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapagpalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapakilala	pakilala	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naipapakita	kita	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapalit	palit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapambayad	bayad	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapambili	bili	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapampunas	punas	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-BF-Imperf.
naipapangako	pangako	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapanghagis	hagis	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanghila	hila	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanghiwa	hiwa'	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanghugas	hugas	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanghuli	huli	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapanglinis	linis	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipapangsugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naipaparinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapasok	pasok	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipapasunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naipapatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiparinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naiparirinig	dinig	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipasok	pasok	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipasunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipasusunog	sunog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipasyal	pasyal	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naipatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
naipatutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
naipilit	pilit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipinta	pinta	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipipilit	pilit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipipinta	pinta	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naipon	ipon	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naipon	ipon	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nairegalo	regalo	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naireregalo	regalo	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisagot	sagot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisakay	sakay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisali	sali	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisama	sama	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisara	sara	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisasagot	sagot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasakay	sakay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasali	sali	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasama	sama	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasara	sara	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisip	isip	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisipan	isip	Accidental-OF-Perf.
naisugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Perf.
naisukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naisulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naisusugal	sugal	Aptative-IF-Imperf.
naisusukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisusulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naisusuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitago'	tago'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitahi'	tahi'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
naitanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitanong	tanong	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitatago'	tago'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
naitatanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitatanong	tanong	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitatawid	tawid	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitawid	tawid	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitayo'	tayo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitigil	tigil	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naititigil	tigil	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naititinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naituloy	tuloy	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naituro'	turo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naitutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naitutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naituturo'	turo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiuuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naiuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naiwan	iwan	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naiwan	iwan	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naiwanan	iwan	Accidental-AF-Perf.
naiwanan	iwan	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naiyakan	iyak	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakaaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakabababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakababalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakababalita'	balita'	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakababasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakababasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakababati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabalita'	balita'	Accidental-AF-Perf.
nakabasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Perf.
nakabati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabibilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabibili	bili	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabibiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabili	bili	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabubuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabubuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakabubusog	busog	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakabuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakabusog	busog	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakadadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakadarasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakadasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakagagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakagagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakagaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagalaw	galaw	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagat	kagat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakagatan	kagat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagigising	gising	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagising	gising	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagugulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagugulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakagugupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakagulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakagulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakagupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahaba'	haba'	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahahaba'	haba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakahahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahanap	hanap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahihila	hila	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahihinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Imperf.
nakahihingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahihinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahihiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahihiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahila	hila	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Perf.
nakahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakahuhuli	huli	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakahuli'	huli	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaiibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaiingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakaiinit	init	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakaiinom	inom	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaiintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaiisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakaiiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakain	kain	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakainan	kain	Aptative-LF-Perf.
nakaingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakainit	init	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakainom	inom	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Perf.
nakaiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaalala	alala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaalam	alam	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaasa	asa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaaway	away	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakababa'	baba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabalita'	balita'	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakakabasa	basa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabasag	basag	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakakabati'	bati'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabilang	bilang	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabili	bili	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabiro'	biro'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabuhat	buhat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabuhay	buhay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakabusog	busog	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakadalaw	dalaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakadasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagalaw	galaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagaling	galing	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakagamit	gamit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaganap	ganap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaganda	ganda	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakaganti	ganti	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagasta	gasta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagat	kagat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakagat	kagat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakakagatan	kagat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakagawa'	gawa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagising	gising	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagulat	gulat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakagulo	gulo	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakagupit	gupit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahaba	haba'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakahabol	habol	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahalik	halik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahanap	hanap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaharap	harap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahawak	hawak	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahila	hila	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahinga	hinga	Aptative-A1F-Imperf.
nakakahingi'	hingi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahiram	hiram	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahiwa'	hiwa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakahuli	huli	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaibig	ibig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakain	kain	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakain	kain	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakakainan	kain	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
nakakaingay	ingay	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakainit	init	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakainom	inom	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaintindi	intindi	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaisip	isip	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
nakakaiyak	iyak	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakagat	kagat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakain	kain	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakanta	kanta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakausap	kausap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakita	kita	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakakuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaligo'	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakalimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakalinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakalipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakangiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakanta	kanta	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakanta	kanta	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakakantahan	kanta	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakapagabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagalaga'	alaga'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbaba'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagbura	bura	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagdagdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagdala	dala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagdasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagdilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaggamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaginit	init	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapaglipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagnakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakapagpaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpaligol	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Imperf.
nakakapagpatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nakakapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagpuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsali	sali	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsalital	salita'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsama	sama	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsara	sara	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagsuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagtrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapagusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Imperf.
nakakapaguwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapakinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapamili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapanira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapanligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakakapanood	panood	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Imperf.
nakakapigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakapunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaraan	daan	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nakakarating	dating	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakarinig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakakasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Imperf.
nakakasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasanma'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakakasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
nakakasigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakasuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nakakatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaturol	turo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaunawa'	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakaupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakausap	kausap	Accidental-DF-Imperf.
nakakausap	kausap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakausap	kausap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakakauwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakikilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakikilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakilala	kilala	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakilos	kilos	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakita	kita	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakokopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakakopya	kopya	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakakukuha	kuha	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakalalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalalakad	lakad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalalakas	lakas	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakalalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakalalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalamig	lamig	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakalangoy	langoy	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalapit	lapit	Accidental-AF-Perf.
nakalapit	lapit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalayo'	layo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaligo'	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaliligaw	ligaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaliligol	ligo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaliliko'	liko'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalilimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalilimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakalilinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakalilipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalilipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakalimot	limot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakalinis	linis	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakalipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakalipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakangingiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakangiti'	ngiti	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakanta	kanta	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakantahan	kanta	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakapagaabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagaaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagaakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagaalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagaaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagaayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagabot	abot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagaksaya	aksaya	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagakyat	akyat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagalaga'	alaga'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagalis	alis	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagaral	aral	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagayos	ayos	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbaba'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbababa'	baba'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbabalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbabalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbabasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbabawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbabayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbalik	balik	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbalita'	balita'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbasa	basa	Intensive-Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbawal	bawal	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbayad	bayad	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbibigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbibihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbibili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbigay	bigay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbihis	bihis	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbili	pagbili	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbubukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbubura	bura	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagbukas	bukas	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagbura	bura	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagdadala	dala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagdagdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagdala	dala	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagdaragdag	dagdag	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagdarasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagdasal	dasal	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagdidilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagdilig	dilig	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaggagamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaggamot	gamot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghahagis	hagis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghahalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghahanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghahatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghalo'	halo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghanda'	handa'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghatid	hatid	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghihiga'	higa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghihintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghihinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaghintay	hintay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghinto'	hinto'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaghuhugas	hugas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagiingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagiinit	init	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagiipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagiisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagiiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagingay	ingay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaginit	init	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagipon	ipon	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagisip	isip	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagiwan	iwan	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglalaba	laba	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglalaban	laban	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglalagay	lagay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglalaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglaro'	laro	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagliligpit	ligpit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglilinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglilipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaglinis	linis	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaglipat	lipat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagluluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagluto'	luto'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagmamaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagmaneho	maneho	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagnakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagnanakaw	nakaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpalaki	palaki	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpaligo'	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpapaalam	paalam	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapahinga	pahinga	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapakilala	pakilala	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapalaki	palaki	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapaligol	paligo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Cont.
nakapagpapatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Imperf.
nakapagpapatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpapatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Imperf.
nakapagpapatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpaplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpasalubong	pasalubong	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpatay	patay	Aptative-A2F-Perf.
nakapagpatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-Causative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-A1F-Perf.
nakapagpatuloy	patuloy	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpipigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpipinta	pinta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagpupunas	punas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagpupuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagreregalo	regalo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsali	sali	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsalita'	salita'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsama	sama	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsara	sara	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsasabi	sabi	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasalital	salita'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasara	sara	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsauli'	sauli'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsaya	saya	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsisikap	sikap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagsusugal	sugal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsusukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsusunog	sunog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagsusuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtatago'	tago'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatakip	takip	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatanim	tanim	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatanong	tanong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtatrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtitigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtitinda	tinda	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagtrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtratrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagtuturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapagumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapagusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Perf.
nakapagusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Imperf.
nakapaguumpisa	umpisa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaguusap	usap	Aptative-AF-PL-Imperf.
nakapaguuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapaguwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapakikinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapakinig	pakinig	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapalit	palit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapamamalantsa	plantsa	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapamamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapamasyal	pasyal	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapamili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapamimili'	pili'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapanahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapananahi'	tahi'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapaninira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapanira'	sira'	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapanligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Perf.
nakapanliligaw	ligaw	Aptative-Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nakapanonood	panood	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapanood	panood	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapapagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakapapagpatawa	tawa	Aptative-Causative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapanalo	panalo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapangako	pangako	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapanood	panood	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapansin	pansin	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapasyal	pasyal	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Imperf.
nakapasok	pasok	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapipigil	pigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapipili'	pili'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapipilit	pilit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakapunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakapupunit	punit	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapupunit	punit	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakapupuno'	puno'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapupuno'	puno'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakapupunta	punta	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakapuputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaputol	putol	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaraan	daan	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaramdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nakararaan	daan	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakararamdam	damdam	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nakararating	dating	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakarating	dating	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakarinig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaririnig	dinig	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasal	kasal	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Perf.
nakasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasama'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakasasagot	sagot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasasakay	sakay	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasasali	sali	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasasalubong	salubong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasasama	sama	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasasama'	sama'	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakasasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
nakasasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasaya	saya	Aptative-RF-Perf.
nakasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasisigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Cont.
nakasisigaw	sigaw	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasisira'	sira'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakasusukat	sukat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasusulat	sulat	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasusunod	sunod	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakasusuot	suot	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatakbo	takbo	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatalon	talon	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatapos	tapos	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nakatatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatawa	tawa	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nakatawid	tawid	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatayo'	tayo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatitigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatitikim	tikim	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatitingin	tingin	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakatutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatutulog	tulog	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatutulong	tulong	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatutuloy	tuloy	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakatuturo'	turo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakaunawa	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakausap	kausap	Accidental-DF-Perf.
nakausap	kausap	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakauunawa'	unawa'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakauupo'	upo'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakauuwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakauwi'	uwi'	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakaw	nakaw	INFINITIVE
nakawan	nakaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
nakawin	nakaw	Indicative-OF-Inf.
nakayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Perf.
nakayayakap	yakap	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
nakikilala	kilala	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakikinig	pakinig	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nakikipaglaro'	laro	Associative-AF-Imperf.
nakikipagusap	pagusap	Associative-AF-Imperf.
nakikisakay	sakay	Associative-AF-Imperf.
nakikita	kita	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakikiusap	pakiusap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nakilala	kilala	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakinig	pakinig	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nakipaglaro'	laro	Associative-AF-Perf.
nakipagusap	pagusap	Associative-AF-Perf.
nakisakay	sakay	Associative-AF-Perf.
nakita	kita	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakiusap	pakiusap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nakokopya	kopya	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakokopyahan	kopya	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakopya	kopya	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakopyahan	kopya	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nakuha	kuha	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nakukuha	kuha	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nakukunan	kuha	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nakunan	kuha	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalabanan	laban	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalabhan	laba	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalagyan	lagay	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nalakad	lakad	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalakaran	lakad	Aptative-LF-Perf.
nalakasan	lakas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalakihan	laki	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalalabanan	laban	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalabas	labas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalabhan	laba	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalagyan	lagay	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalakad	lakad	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalakaran	lakad	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
nalalakasan	lakas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalakihan	laki	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalaman	alam	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalangoy	langoy	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalangoy	langoy	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nalalapitan	lapit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalaro'	laro	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalalayo'	layo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalalayuan	layo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nalaman	alam	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalangoy	langoy	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalapitan	lapit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalaro'	laro	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalayo'	layo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalayuan	layo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naligawan	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naligo'	ligo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naligpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalikuan	liko'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naliligaw	ligaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naliligawan	ligaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naliligo'	ligo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
naliligpit	ligpit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalilikuan	liko'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalilimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalilinis	linis	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nalilipatan	lipat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nalimutan	limot	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nalinis	linis	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nalipatan	lipat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naluluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
naluto'	luto'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
namalantsa	plantsa	Distributive-AF-Perf.
namamalantsa	plantsa	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
namamaneho	maneho	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
namamasyal	pasyal	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
namamatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
namaneho	maneho	Aptative-OF-Perf.
namasyal	pasyal	Distributive-AF-Perf.
namatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
namili	bili	Distributive-AF-Perf.
namili'	pili'	Distributive-AF-Perf.
namimili	bili	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
namimili'	pili'	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
namuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
namumuhay	buhay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nanahi'	tahi'	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanakaw	nakaw	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nanakawan	nakaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nanakawan	nakaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
nanakawan	nakaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nanakawan	nakaw	Indicative-OF-Cont.
nanalo	panalo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nananahi'	tahi'	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nananakaw	nakaw	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nananalo	panalo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nangako	pangako	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nangangako	pangako	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nanggagaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nanggaling	galing	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nanggigising	gising	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanggising	gising	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanggugulat	gulat	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanggugulo	gulo	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanggugupit	gupit	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanggulat	gulat	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanggulo	gulo	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanggupit	gupit	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanghihiram	hiram	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanghiram	hiram	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nangingitian	ngiti	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nangitian	ngiti	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nangyari	pangyari	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nangyayari	pangyari	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
naninira'	sira'	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanira'	sira'	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanligaw	ligaw	Distributive-AF-Perf.
nanliligaw	ligaw	Distributive-AF-Imperf.
nanonood	panood	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nanood	panood	Indicative-AF-Perf.
napadalaw	dalaw	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napagaaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagaaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napagagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napagaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napagaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napagbabati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napagbati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napagbibilhan	pagbili	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagbilhan	pagbili	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napaghahandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
napaghandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Perf.
napagiisipan	isip	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napagisipan	isip	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napagkukunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napagkunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napaglabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Perf.
napaglagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napaglalabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
napaglalagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napaglalaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napaglaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napaglulutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napaglutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napagod	pagod	Indicative-AF-Perf.
napagpahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Perf.
napagpapahanda'	handa'	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Imperf.
napagpilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagpipilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagsarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagsarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagsasarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagsasarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagsikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagsisikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagtaguan	tago'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagtaguan	tago'	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napagtakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napagtataguan	tago'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagtataguan	tago'	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napagtatakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napagusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Perf.
napaguusapan	usap	Aptative-RfF-Imperf.
napahagis	hagis	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napahahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napaharap	harap	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napahihinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napahinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napahiya'	hiya'	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napaiyak	iyak	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napakakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Imperf.
napakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Perf.
napakanta	kanta	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napakasal	kasal	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napakikinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napakinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napalaban	laban	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Perf.
napalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napalalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napalalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napalalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napalalayo'	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napalayo'	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napaliguan	paligo'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napalitan	palit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napalitan	palit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napamamahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Imperf.
napanalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napananalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napangakuan	pangako	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napanggagalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napanggalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napangiti'	ngiti	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napanood	panood	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napansin	pansin	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napapadalaw	dalaw	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapagaksayahan	aksaya	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapagalitan	galit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapaganda	ganda	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapagaralan	aral	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapagbati'	bati'	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapaghandaan	handa'	Aptative-BF-Imperf.
napapagkunan	kuha	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napapaglabanan	laban	Aptative-RF-Imperf.
napapaglagyan	lagay	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napapaglaruan	laro	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapaglutuan	luto'	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napapagod	pagod	Aptative-RF-Perf.
napapagod	pagod	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
napapagpilian	pili'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapagsarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapagsarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapagsikapan	sikap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapagtakpan	takip	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapahagis	hagis	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapahalik	halik	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapaharap	harap	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapahinto'	hinto'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapahiya'	hiya'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapaiyak	iyak	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapakanta	kanta	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Imperf.
napapakanta	kanta	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapakasal	kasal	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapakinggan	pakinig	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapalaban	laban	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapalabas	labas	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
napapalabas	labas	Aptative-Causative-A2F-Imperf.
napapalakas	lakas	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapalaki	laki	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapalaki	palaki	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapalapit	lapit	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
napapalayol	layo'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapaliguan	paligo'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapalipad	lipad	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
napapalipad	lipad	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapalitan	palit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapalitan	palit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapamahal	mahal	Involuntary-DF-Imperf.
napapanalunan	panalo	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapangakuan	pangako	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapanggalingan	galing	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapangiti'	ngiti	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapanood	panood	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapansin	pansin	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapapunta	punta	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napaparaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapasagot	sagot	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napapasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napapasalubungan	pasalubong	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Imperf.
napapasigaw	sigaw	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapasok	pasok	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapasukan	pasok	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapasyalan	pasyal	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napapatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A1F-Imperf.
napapatawa	tawa	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapatay	patay	Aptative-A1F-Perf.
napapatay	patay	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapatigil	tigil	Aptative-AF-Imperf.
napapatigil	tigil	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapatingin	tingin	Involuntary-OF-Imperf.
napapatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napapaupo'	upo'	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napapayakap	yakap	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napaplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napapunta	punta	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
naparaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
naparaanan	daan	Involuntary-DF-Perf.
napararaan	daan	Involuntary-AF-Imperf.
napararaanan	daan	Involuntary-DF-Imperf.
napasagot	sagot	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Perf.
napasalubungan	pasalubong	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Perf.
napasasakyan	sakay	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napasasalihan	sali	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
napasasama	sama	Involuntary-A2F-Imperf.
napasigaw	sigaw	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napasok	pasok	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napasukan	pasok	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napasyalan	pasyal	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napatawa	tawa	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napatay	patay	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napatigil	tigil	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napatingin	tingin	Involuntary-OF-Perf.
napatulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Perf.
napatutulog	tulog	Aptative-Causative-OF-Imperf.
napaupo'	upo'	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napayakap	yakap	Involuntary-AF-Perf.
napigil	pigil	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napili'	pili'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napilit	pilit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napilitan	pilit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
napintahan	pinta	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napipigil	pigil	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napipili'	pili'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napipilit	pilit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napipilitan	pilit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
napipintahan	pinta	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naplantsa	plantsa	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napunasan	punas	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napunit	punit	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
napunitan	punit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napuno'	puno'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
napuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
napuntahan	punta	Aptative-DF-Perf.
napupunasan	punas	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napupunit	punit	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napupunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
napupunitan	punit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napupuno'	puno'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napupuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
napupuntahan	punta	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
napuputol	putol	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
napuputulan	putol	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
naputol	putol	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naputulan	putol	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naraanan	daan	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naramdaman	damdam	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nararaanan	daan	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nararamdaman	damdam	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nararating	dating	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
narating	dating	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naratnan	dating	Accidental-DF-Perf.
naregaluhan	regalo	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nareregaluhan	regalo	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
narinig	dinig	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naririnig	dinig	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasabi	sabi	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasabihan	sabi	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasagot	sagot	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasaktan	sakit	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasakyan	sakay	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasalihan	sali	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Perf.
nasamahan	sama	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasara	sara	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasasabi	sabi	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasasabihan	sabi	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasagot	sagot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasaktan	sakit	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasakyan	sakay	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasalihan	sali	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasalubong	salubong	Accidental-DF-Imperf.
nasasamahan	sama	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasara	sara	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasasarahan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasarhan	sara	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasasaulian	sauli'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasasayawan	sayaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasauli'	sauli'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasaulian	sauli'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasayaw	sayaw	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasayawan	sayaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasigawan	sigaw	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasikap	sikap	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasira'	sira'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nasiraan	sira'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nasisigawan	sigaw	Aptative-DF-Cont.
nasisigawan	sigaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasisikap	sikap	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasisira'	sira'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasisira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nasisiraan	sira'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasisiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nasukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasukatan	sukat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasulatan	sulat	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasundan	sunod	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasunod	sunod	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nasunog	sunog	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nasunugan	sunog	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nasuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nasusukat	sukat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasusukatan	sukat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasusulat	sulat	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasusulatan	sulat	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasusundan	sunod	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasusunod	sunod	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasusunog	sunog	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasusunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nasusunugan	sunog	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nasusuot	suot	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nasusuutan	suot	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nasuutan	suot	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natahi'	tahi'	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natakbo	takbo	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natakbuhan	takbo	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natakot	takot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
natakpan	takip	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natalo	talo	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natalo	talo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
natalon	talon	Aptative-LF-Perf.
natamnan	tanim	Aptative-LF-Perf.
natanggap	tanggap	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Perf.
nataniman	tanim	Aptative-LF-Perf.
natanong	tanong	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natapos	tapos	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natatahi'	tahi'	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natatakbo	takbo	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatakbuhan	takbo	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatakot	takot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
natatakpan	takip	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natatalo	talo	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatalo	talo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
natatalon	talon	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
natatamnan	tanim	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
natatanggap	tanggap	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natatanim	tanim	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natataniman	tanim	Aptative-LF-Imperf.
natatanong	tanong	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatapos	tapos	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natatawa	tawa	Accidental-AF-Imperf.
natatawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
natatawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
natatawanan	tawa	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatawid	tawid	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatayuan	tayo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natatrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natawa	tawa	Accidental-AF-Perf.
natawag	tawag	Indicative-OF-Perf.
natawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Perf.
natawanan	tawa	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natawid	tawid	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natayuan	tayo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natigilan	tigil	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natignan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natikman	tikim	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natingnan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natitigilan	tigil	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natitignan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natitikman	tikim	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natitinda	tinda	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natitingnan	tingin	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natratrabaho	trabaho	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Perf.
natulog	tulog	Indicative-AF-Perf.
natulugan	tulog	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natulungan	tulong	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naturuan	turo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
natuto	tuto	Indicative-AF-Perf.
natutugtog	tugtog	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
natutuhan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Perf.
natutulog	tulog	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
natutulugan	tulog	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natutulungan	tulong	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natutunan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Perf.
natuturuan	turo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
natututo	tuto	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
natututuhan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
natututunan	tuto	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
naumpisahan	umpisa	Aptative-OF-Perf.
naunawaan	unawa'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
naupuan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
naupuuan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nauumpisahan	umpisa	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
nauunawaan	unawa'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nauupan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nauupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
nauupuan	upo'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nauuwian	uwi'	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
nauwian	uwi'	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nayakap	yakap	Accidental-OF-Perf.
nayakap	yakap	Aptative-DF-Perf.
nayayakap	yakap	Accidental-OF-Imperf.
nayayakap	yakap	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
ngingiti'	ngiti	Indicative-AF-Cont.
ngingitian	ngiti	Indicative-DF-Cont.
nginingitian	ngiti	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nginitian	ngiti	Indicative-DF-Perf.
ngiti	ngiti	INFINITIVE
ngitian	ngiti	Indicative-DF-Inf.
ngumingiti'	ngiti	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
ngumiti'	ngiti	Indicative-AF-Inf.
ngumiti'	ngiti	Indicative-AF-Perf.
nilabahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nilabanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nilabhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nilakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Perf.
nilalabahan	laba	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nilalabanan	laban	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nilalabhan	laba	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nilalagyan	lagay	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nilalakaran	lakad	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
nilalapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nilalaro'	laro	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nilalayuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nilapitan	lapit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nilaro'	laro	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nilayuan	layo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
niligawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
niligpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nilikuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nililigawan	ligaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nililigpit	ligpit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nililikuan	liko'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nililimot	limot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nililinis	linis	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
nililipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nilimot	limot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
nilinis	linis	Indicative-OF-Perf.
nilipatan	lipat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
niluluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
niluto'	luto'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ninakaw	nakaw	Indicative-OF-Perf.
ninanakaw	nakaw	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
ninanakawan	nakaw	Aptative-DF-Imperf.
ninanakawan	nakaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
nireregaluhan	regalo	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
paaabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paaakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Cont.
paaakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paaalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Cont.
paaalisin	alis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paaasahin	asa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paaayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Cont.
paabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Inf.
paakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Inf.
paalalahanan	alala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paalam	paalam	INFINITIVE
paalisin	alis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paasahin	asa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Inf.
pababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabababain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pababain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pababalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Cont.
pababalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pababasagin	basag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pababasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Cont.
pababasahin	basa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pababatiin	bati'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pababayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabasagin	basag	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pabasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabasahin	basa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pabatlin	bati'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pabayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabibigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabibihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabibilangan	bilang	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pabibilangan	bilang	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabibilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Cont.
pabibilhin	bili	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pabigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabilangan	bilang	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabilangin	bilang	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pabilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Inf.
pabilhin	bili	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pabubuhatin	buhat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pabuhatin	buhat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
padadalawin	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
padadalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Cont.
padagdagan	dagdag	Causative-DF-Inf.
padalawin	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
padalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Inf.
padarasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Cont.
padasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Inf.
padidiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Cont.
padiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Inf.
pagaabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagaaksayahin	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaalagain	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaalalahanin	alala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaalisin	alis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaaralan	aral	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pagaaralin	aral	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaawayin	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Cont.
pagaayusin	ayos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagagalawin	galaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagalingin	galing	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagagalitin	galit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagamitin	gamit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Cont.
pagaganapin	ganap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Cont.
pagagandahin	ganda	Causative-OF-Cont.
pagagantihan	ganti	Causative-DF-Cont.
pagagantihin	ganti	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagastahin	gasta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagawain	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagagawin	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagaksayahin	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalagaan	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalalahanin	alala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalawin	galaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalingin	galing	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalisan	alis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagalitin	galit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagamitin	gamit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Inf.
paganapin	ganap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Inf.
pagandahin	ganda	Causative-OF-Inf.
pagantihan	ganti	Causative-DF-Inf.
pagantihin	ganti	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagaralan	aral	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pagaralin	aral	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagastahin	gasta	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagawain	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagawayin	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Inf.
pagawin	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagayusin	ayos	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbababain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbabain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbabalikin	balik	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbabalitain	balita'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbabawalin	bawal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbabayarin	bayad	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbalikin	balik	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbalitain	balita'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbawalin	bawal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbayarin	bayad	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbibigayin	bigay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbibihisin	bihis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbibilhan	pagbili	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagbigayin	bigay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbihisin	bihis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbilhan	pagbili	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagbili	pagbili	INFINITIVE
pagbubukasin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbubuksin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbuburahin	bura	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagbukasin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagbuksin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagburahin	bura	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagdadalahin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagdadalhin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagdadasalin	dasal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagdagdagin	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagdalahin	dala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagdalhin	dala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagdaragdagin	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagdasalin	dasal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagdidiligin	dilig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagdiligin	dilig	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paggagamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Cont.
paggagamutin	gamot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paggagastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Cont.
paggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Inf.
paggamutin	gamot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paggastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Inf.
paggugupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paggupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghagisin	hagis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghahagisin	hagis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghahaluin	halo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghahandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
paghahandain	handa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghahatirin	hatid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghaluin	halo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Inf.
paghandain	handa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghatirin	hatid	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghihigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghihintayin	hintay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghihintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghihiwain	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paghintayin	hintay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghiwain	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghugasin	hugas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paghuhugasin	hugas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagigisingin	gising	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagiinitin	init	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagiintindihin	intindi	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagiipunin	ipon	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagiisipan	isip	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pagiisipin	isip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagiiwanin	iwan	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paginitin	init	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagintindihin	intindi	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagipunin	ipon	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagisingin	gising	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagisipan	isip	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pagisipin	isip	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagiwanin	iwan	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagkaroon	pagkaroon	INFINITIVE
paglabahin	laba	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paglabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Inf.
paglabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paglagayin	lagay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paglagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Inf.
paglalabahin	laba	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglalabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Cont.
paglalabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglalagayin	lagay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglalagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Cont.
paglalaruan	laro	Indicative-OF-Cont.
paglalaruin	laro	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglaruan	laro	Indicative-OF-Inf.
paglaruin	laro	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagligpitin	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagliligpitin	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglilinisin	linis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglilipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglinisin	linis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paglipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paglulutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Cont.
paglulutuin	luto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paglutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Inf.
paglutuin	luto'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagmamanehuhin	maneho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagmanehuhin	maneho	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagnakawin	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagnanakawin	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagod	pagod	INFINITIVE
pagpaalamin	alam	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpapaalamin	alam	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpapalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpapasukin	pasok	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpapasyalin	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpapatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpapatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpaplantsahin	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpasukin	pasok	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpasyalin	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagpintahin	pinta	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpipilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagpipintahin	pinta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagplantsahin	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpunasin	punas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpunuin	puno'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagpupunasin	punas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagpupunuin	puno'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagregaluhin	regalo	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagreregaluhin	regalo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsasamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsasarahin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsasarhin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsasauliin	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsasayawin	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsauliin	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsayawin	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagsisikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagsugalin	sugal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsunugin	sunog	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagsusugalin	sugal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsusukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsusunugin	sunog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsusuutin	suot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagsuutin	suot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Inf.
pagtaguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Inf.
pagtaguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtakipin	takip	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pagtanimin	tanim	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtanungin	tanong	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtataguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pagtataguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Cont.
pagtataguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Cont.
pagtataguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatakipin	takip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pagtatanimin	tanim	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatanungin	tanong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Cont.
pagtatawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtatrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Inf.
pagtawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtindahin	tinda	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtitindahin	tinda	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagtrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtratrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagturuin	turo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagtuturuin	turo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagugulatin	gulat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paguguluhin	gulo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagugupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pagulatin	gulat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paguluhin	gulo	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagumpisahin	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagupitan	gupit	Causative-DF-Inf.
pagupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagurin	pagod	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pagusap	pagusap	INFINITIVE
pagusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Inf.
paguumpisahin	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paguusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Cont.
pahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Inf.
pahabain	haba'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahabulin	habol	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Cont.
pahahabain	haba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahahalikin	halik	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahahanapin	hanap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahaharapin	harap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahahawakin	hawak	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahalikin	halik	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahanapin	hanap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paharapin	harap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahawakin	hawak	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahigaln	higa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahihigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahihigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahihilahin	hila	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahihingahin	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Cont.
pahihingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahihingin	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahihintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahihintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahihiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Cont.
pahihiramin	hiram	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahilahin	hila	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahinga	pahinga	INFINITIVE
pahingahin	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Inf.
pahingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahingin	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahintuan	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahiraman	hiram	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pahiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Inf.
pahugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Inf.
pahuhugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Cont.
pahuhulihin	huli	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pahulihin	huli	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paibigin	ibig	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paiibigin	ibig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paiinumin	inom	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paiiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Cont.
paiiyakin	iyak	Causative-A2F-Cont.
painumin	inom	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Inf.
paiyakin	iyak	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakagatin	kagat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakainin	kain	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakakagatin	kagat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakakainin	kain	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Cont.
pakakanin	kain	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakakantahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakakantahin	kanta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Inf.
pakamatay	pakamatay	INFINITIVE
pakanin	kain	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakantahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakantahin	kanta	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakikilusin	kilos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakikinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pakikitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakikiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pakilala	pakilala	INFINITIVE
pakilusin	kilos	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pakinig	pakinig	INFINITIVE
pakitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakiusap	pakiusap	INFINITIVE
pakiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pakokopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakokopyahin	kopya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakopyahin	kopya	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakuhanan	kuha	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakuhanin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pakukuhanan	kuha	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakukuhanin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakukunan	kuha	Causative-DF-Cont.
pakukunin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pakunan	kuha	Causative-DF-Inf.
pakunin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Inf.
palabanin	laban	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Inf.
palagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Inf.
palakarin	lakad	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palakasin	lakas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palakasin	lakas	Causative-OF-Inf.
palaki	palaki	INFINITIVE
palakihin	laki	Causative-OF-Inf.
palakihin	palaki	Indicative-OF-Inf.
palalabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
palalabanin	laban	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
palalagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Cont.
palalakarin	lakad	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalakasin	lakas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalakasin	lakas	Causative-OF-Cont.
palalakihin	laki	Causative-OF-Cont.
palalakihin	palaki	Indicative-OF-Cont.
palalamigin	lamig	Causative-OF-Cont.
palalanguyin	langoy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Cont.
palalapitin	lapit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palalayuin	layo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
palamigin	lamig	Causative-OF-Inf.
palanguyin	langoy	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Inf.
palapitin	lapit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palayuin	layo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Inf.
paligawin	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paligo'	paligo'	INFINITIVE
paliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
palikuin	liko'	Causative-OF-Inf.
paliligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
paliligawin	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paliliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
palilikuin	liko'	Causative-OF-Cont.
paliliparin	lipad	Causative-OF-Cont.
palilipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paliparin	lipad	Causative-OF-Inf.
palipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
palit	palit	INFINITIVE
palitan	palit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
palitan	palit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
panakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Inf.
panalo	panalo	INFINITIVE
panalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pananakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
pananalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pangako	pangako	INFINITIVE
pangakuan	pangako	Indicative-DF-Inf.
panggagalingan	galing	Indicative-DF-Cont.
panggalingan	galing	Indicative-DF-Inf.
panghihila	hila	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pangingitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Cont.
pangingitiin	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pangitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Inf.
pangitiin	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pangyari	pangyari	INFINITIVE
panonoorin	panood	Indicative-OF-Cont.
panood	panood	INFINITIVE
panoorin	panood	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pansin	pansin	INFINITIVE
pansinin	pansin	Indicative-OF-Inf.
papaabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaalalahanan	alala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaalisin	alis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaasahin	asa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papababain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Cont.
papabalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papabasagin	basag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Cont.
papabasahin	basa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabatiin	bati'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Cont.
papabilangin	bilang	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabilhin	bili	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papabuhatin	buhat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papadagdagan	dagdag	Causative-DF-Cont.
papadalawin	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaaksayahin	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaalagain	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaalalahanin	alala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaalisin	alis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaaralin	aral	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaawayin	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Cont.
papagaayusin	ayos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papagaksayahin	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagalagaan	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagalalahanin	alala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagalawin	galaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagalingin	galing	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagalisan	alis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagalitin	galit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagamitin	gamit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaganapin	ganap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Cont.
papagandahin	ganda	Causative-OF-Cont.
papagantihan	ganti	Causative-DF-Cont.
papagantihin	ganti	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagaralin	aral	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagastahin	gasta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagawain	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagawayin	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Inf.
papagawin	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagayusin	ayos	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbababain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbabain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbabalikin	balik	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbabalitain	balita'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbabawalin	bawal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbabayarin	bayad	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbalikin	balik	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbalitain	balita'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbawalan	bawal	Causative-DF-Inf.
papagbawalin	bawal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbayarin	bayad	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbibigayin	bigay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbibihisin	bihis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbigayin	bigay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbihisin	bihis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbubukasin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbubuksin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbuburahin	bura	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagbukasin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagbuksin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagburahin	bura	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagdadalahin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagdadalhin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagdadasalin	dasal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagdagdagin	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagdalahin	dala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagdalhin	dala	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagdaragdagin	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagdasalin	dasal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagdidiligin	dilig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagdiligin	dilig	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaggagamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Inf.
papaggamutin	gamot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaggugupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaggupitin	gupit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghagisin	hagis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghahagisin	hagis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghahaluin	halo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghahandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Cont.
papaghahandain	handa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghahatirin	hatid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghaluin	halo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Inf.
papaghandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Cont.
papaghandain	handa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghatirin	hatid	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghihigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghihintayin	hintay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghihintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghihiwain	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaghintayin	hintay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghiwain	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghugasin	hugas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaghuhugasin	hugas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagiinitin	init	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagiintindihin	intindi	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagiipunin	ipon	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagiisipin	isip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagiiwanin	iwan	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaginitin	init	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagintindihin	intindi	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagipunin	ipon	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagisingin	gising	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagisipin	isip	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagiwanin	iwan	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglabahin	laba	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Cont.
papaglabanin	laban	Causative-DF-Inf.
papaglabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglagayin	lagay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Cont.
papaglalabahin	laba	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglalabanin	laban	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaglalabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglalagayin	lagay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglalaruan	laro	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaglaruan	laro	Causative-OF-Inf.
papaglaruin	laro	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagligpitin	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagliligpitin	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglilinisin	linis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglilipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglinisin	linis	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papaglulutuin	luto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaglutuin	luto'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagmamanehuhin	maneho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagmanehuhin	maneho	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagnakawin	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagnanakawin	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpaalamin	alam	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpapaalamin	alam	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpapalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpapasukin	pasok	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpapasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Cont.
papagpapasyalin	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpapatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpapatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpaplantsahin	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpasukin	pasok	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Inf.
papagpasyalin	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papagpintahin	pinta	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpipintahin	pinta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagplantsahin	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpunasin	punas	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpunuin	puno'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagpupunasin	punas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagpupunuin	puno'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagregaluhin	regalo	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagreregaluhin	regalo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsarahin	sara	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsarhin	sara	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsasarahin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsasarhin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsasauliin	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsasayahin	saya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsasayawin	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsauliin	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsayahin	saya	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsayawin	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papagsugalin	sugal	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsunugin	sunog	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagsusugalin	sugal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsusukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsusunugin	sunog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsusuutin	suot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagsuutin	suot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Inf.
papagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Inf.
papagtaguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtakipin	takip	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Inf.
papagtakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Inf.
papagtakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papagtamnan	tanim	Causative-LF-Inf.
papagtaniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Inf.
papagtanimin	tanim	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtanungin	tanong	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtataguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Cont.
papagtataguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtatakipin	takip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtatakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Cont.
papagtatakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Cont.
papagtatamnan	tanim	Causative-LF-Cont.
papagtataniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Cont.
papagtatanimin	tanim	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtatanungin	tanong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtatawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtatrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Cont.
papagtawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtindahin	tinda	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtitindahin	tinda	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagtrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtratrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagturuin	turo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagtuturuin	turo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagulatin	gulat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagumpisahin	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papagupitan	gupit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papagurin	pagod	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papagusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Cont.
papaguumpisahin	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaguuwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaguwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Cont.
papahabain	haba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahabulin	habol	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahalikin	halik	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahanapin	hanap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaharapin	harap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Cont.
papahawakin	hawak	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahilahin	hila	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahingahin	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Cont.
papahingin	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahintuan	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papahiramin	hiram	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papahulihin	huli	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaibigin	ibig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaintindi	intindi	Causative-OF-Cont.
papainumin	inom	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaiyakin	iyak	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakagatin	kagat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakainin	kain	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Cont.
papakanin	kain	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakantahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Cont.
papakantahin	kanta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakilusin	kilos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papakiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papakopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Cont.
papakopyahin	kopya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakuhanan	kuha	Causative-DF-Cont.
papakuhanin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papakunan	kuha	Causative-DF-Cont.
papakunin	kuha	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalabanin	laban	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalakarin	lakad	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalakasin	lakas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalakasin	lakas	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalakihin	laki	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalakihin	palaki	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papalamigin	lamig	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalanguyin	langoy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papalapitin	lapit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalayuin	layo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaligawin	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaliguan	paligo'	Causative-OF-Inf.
papaliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papaliguin	paligo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papalikuin	liko'	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaliparin	lipad	Causative-OF-Cont.
papalipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
papalitan	palit	Causative-DF-Inf.
papalitan	palit	Causative-OF-Inf.
papalitan	palit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papalitan	palit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papanahiin	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Inf.
papanakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
papanaluhin	panalo	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papananahiin	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Cont.
papangakuan	pangako	Causative-DF-Inf.
papangakuan	pangako	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papangakuin	pangako	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papangitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Cont.
papangitiin	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papanonoorin	panood	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papanoorin	panood	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papanoorin	panood	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papansin	pansin	Indicative-AF-Cont.
papansinin	pansin	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papapaalaruin	laro	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaasamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagabutin	abot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagaksayahin	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagakyatin	akyat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagalagaan	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagalalahanin	alala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagalisan	alis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagaralan	aral	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagawayin	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Cont.
papapagayusin	ayos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbabain	baba'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbalikin	balik	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbalitain	balita'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbawalan	bawal	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapagbawalin	bawal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbayarin	bayad	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbigayin	bigay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbihisin	bihis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbukasin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagbuksin	bukas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagburahin	bura	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagdagdagin	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagdalahin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagdalhin	dala	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagdasalin	dasal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagdiligin	dilig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapaggamutin	gamot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghagisin	hagis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghaluin	halo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Cont.
papapaghandain	handa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghatirin	hatid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghigain	higa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghintayin	hintay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghintuin	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghiwain	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaghugasin	hugas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaginitin	init	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagintindihin	intindi	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagipunin	ipon	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagisipin	isip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagiwanin	iwan	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglabahin	laba	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglabanin	laban	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapaglabasin	labas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglagayin	lagay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglaruin	laro	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagligpitin	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglinisin	linis	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglipatin	lipat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaglutuin	luto'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagmanehuhin	maneho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagnakawin	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpaalamin	alam	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpasukin	pasok	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapagpasyalin	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpintahin	pinta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagplantsahin	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpunasin	punas	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagpunuin	puno'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagregaluhin	regalo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsarahin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsarhin	sara	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsauliin	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsayahin	saya	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsayawin	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsugalin	sugal	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsunugin	sunog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagsuutin	suot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Cont.
papapagtaguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtakipin	takip	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapagtakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Cont.
papapagtamnan	tanim	Causative-LF-Cont.
papapagtaniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Cont.
papapagtanimin	tanim	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtanungin	tanong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtindahin	tinda	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagtrabahuhin	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagturuin	turo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapagumpisahin	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaguwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapaliguan	paligo'	Causative-OF-Cont.
papapaliguin	paligo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapalitan	palit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapalitan	palit	Causative-OF-Cont.
papapalitin	palit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapanahiin	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Cont.
papapanaluhin	panalo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapangakuan	pangako	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapangakuin	pangako	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapanoorin	panood	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Cont.
papapasalihan	sali	Causative-LF-Cont.
papapasalihan	sali	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
papapasalubungan	pasalubong	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapasukan	pasok	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapasukin	pasok	Causative-AF-Cont.
papapataguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapiliin	pili'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapilitin	pilit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Cont.
papapunasan	punas	Causative-OF-Cont.
papapunitin	punit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papapuntahin	punta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaputulin	putol	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paparaanin	daan	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paparegaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Cont.
paparinigin	dinig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasagutin	sagot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasakayin	sakay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasakayin	sakay	Causative-OF-Cont.
papasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Inf.
papasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Cont.
papasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasalihan	sali	Causative-LF-Inf.
papasalihan	sali	Causative-OF-Cont.
papasalihan	sali	Indicative-LF-Cont.
papasalihin	sali	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasalubungan	pasalubong	Causative-DF-Inf.
papasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papasalubungin	salubong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasamahin	sama	Causative-OF-Cont.
papasamain	sama'	Causative-OF-Cont.
papasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Cont.
papasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasigawin	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasirain	sira'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Cont.
papasukan	pasok	Causative-DF-Inf.
papasukan	pasok	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papasukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasukin	pasok	Causative-AF-Inf.
papasukin	pasok	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papasulatin	sulat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Cont.
papasundin	sunod	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papasyalan	pasyal	Indicative-DF-Cont.
papataguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatahiin	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatakbuhin	takbo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatalunin	talon	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatanggapin	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatapusin	tapos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Cont.
papatawagin	tawag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatawanin	tawa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
papatayin	patay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papatayin	patay	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papatayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatigilin	tigil	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papatikimin	tikim	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papatugtugin	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatulugin	tulog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatulunga	tulong	Causative-DF-Cont.
papatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papatuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papatuluyin	tuloy	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Cont.
papaunawain	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papaupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papaupuin	upo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papauwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Cont.
papauwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papayakapin	yakap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papiliin	pili'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papilitin	pilit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Inf.
papipiliin	pili'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papipilitin	pilit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papipintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Cont.
paplantsahin	plantsa	Indicative-OF-Cont.
papunasan	punas	Causative-OF-Inf.
papunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Inf.
papunitin	punit	Causative-A2F-Inf.
papuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Inf.
papupunasan	punas	Causative-OF-Cont.
papupunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Cont.
papupunitin	punit	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papupuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Cont.
papupuntahin	punta	Causative-A2F-Cont.
papuputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Cont.
papuputulin	putol	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Inf.
paputulin	putol	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paraanin	daan	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pararaanin	daan	Causative-A2F-Cont.
paregaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Inf.
pareregaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Cont.
paringgan	dinig	Causative-DF-Inf.
parinigin	dinig	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pariringgan	dinig	Causative-DF-Cont.
paririnigin	dinig	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasagutin	sagot	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasakayin	sakay	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasakayin	sakay	Causative-OF-Inf.
pasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Inf.
pasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasalihan	sali	Indicative-LF-Inf.
pasalihin	sali	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasalihin	sali	Causative-OF-Inf.
pasalubong	pasalubong	INFINITIVE
pasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pasalubungin	salubong	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasamahin	sama	Causative-OF-Inf.
pasamain	sama'	Causative-OF-Inf.
pasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasagutin	sagot	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasasakayin	sakay	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasasakayin	sakay	Causative-OF-Cont.
pasasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Cont.
pasasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasalihin	sali	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasasalihin	sali	Causative-OF-Cont.
pasasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pasasalubungin	salubong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasamahin	sama	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasasamahin	sama	Causative-OF-Cont.
pasasamain	sama'	Causative-OF-Cont.
pasasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasigawin	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasiraan	sira'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Inf.
pasisigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasisigawin	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasisiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Cont.
pasisirain	sira'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasok	pasok	INFINITIVE
pasukan	pasok	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pasukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasukin	pasok	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pasulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasulatin	sulat	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasundin	sunod	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pasusukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasusukatin	sukat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasusulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasusulatin	sulat	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasusundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasusundin	sunod	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pasusuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Cont.
pasuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Inf.
pasyal	pasyal	INFINITIVE
pasyalan	pasyal	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pataguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patahiin	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patakbuhin	takbo	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patalunin	talon	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patanggapin	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pataposin	tapos	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patatahiin	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatakbuhin	takbo	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatalunin	talon	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatanggapin	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatapusin	tapos	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Cont.
patatawagin	tawag	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatawanin	tawa	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patatayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
patatayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Inf.
patawagin	tawag	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patawanin	tawa	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patawirin	tawid	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patay	patay	INFINITIVE
patayin	patay	Indicative-OF-Inf.
patayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Inf.
patayuin	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patiahabulin	habol	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Inf.
patigilin	tigil	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Inf.
patikimin	tikim	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Inf.
patingin	patingin	INFINITIVE
patingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Inf.
patitigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Cont.
patitigilin	tigil	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patitignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Cont.
patitikimin	tikim	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patitikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Cont.
patitingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Cont.
patugtugin	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patuloy	patuloy	INFINITIVE
patulugin	tulog	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patulungan	tulong	Causative-DF-Inf.
patulungin	tulong	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patuluyin	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Inf.
patuluyin	tuloy	Causative-OF-Inf.
paturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Inf.
patutugtugin	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patutulugin	tulog	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patutulungin	tulong	Causative-A2F-Cont.
patutulungin	tulong	Causative-DF-Cont.
patutuluyin	tuloy	Causative-OF-Cont.
patuturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
paumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Inf.
paunawain	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
paupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Inf.
paupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Inf.
paupuin	upo'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pauumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Cont.
pauunawain	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pauupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pauupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pauupuin	upo'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pauuwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pauuwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pauwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Inf.
pauwiin	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
payakapin	yakap	Causative-A2F-Inf.
payayakapin	yakap	Causative-A2F-Cont.
pigil	pigil	INFINITIVE
pigilin	pigil	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pili'	pili'	INFINITIVE
pilit	pilit	INFINITIVE
pilitin	pilit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pillin	pili'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pinaaabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaaakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaaakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaaalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinaaalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaaasa	asa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaaayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinaakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinaalalahanan	alala	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaasa	asa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinaayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinababa'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabababa'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinabababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinababalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinababalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinababasa	basa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinababasag	basag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinababasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinababati'	bati'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinababayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinabalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabasa	basa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinabasag	basag	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinabasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabati'	bati'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinabayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabibigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinabibihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinabibilang	bilang	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinabibilangan	bilang	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinabibilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinabibili	bili	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinabigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinabigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinabihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabilang	bilang	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinabilangan	bilang	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinabilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinabili	bili	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinabubuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinadadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinadadalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinadagdagan	dagdag	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinadalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinadalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinadaragdagan	dagdag	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinadarasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinadasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinadasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinadidiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinadiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Cont.
pinadiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinagaabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinagaakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaalala	alala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaaral	aral	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaaralan	aral	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinagaaway	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Imperf.
pinagaayos	ayos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagagalaw	galaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagaling	galing	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagalit	galit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinagagamit	gamit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinagaganap	ganap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaganda	ganda	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinagagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinagaganti	ganti	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagasta	gasta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalala	alala	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalas	alis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalaw	galaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagaling	galing	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalit	galit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pinagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagamit	gamit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinaganap	ganap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaganda	ganda	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaganti	ganti	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagantihan	ganti	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinagaral	aral	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagaralan	aral	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinagasta	gasta	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagaway	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Perf.
pinagayos	ayos	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbaba'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbababa'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbabalik	balik	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbabalita'	balita'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbabawal	bawal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbabayad	bayad	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbalik	balik	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbalita'	balita'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbawal	bawal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbayad	bayad	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbibigay	bigay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbibihis	bihis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbibilhan	pagbili	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinagbigay	bigay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbihis	bihis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbilhan	pagbili	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagbubukas	bukas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbubura	bura	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagbukas	bukas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagbura	bura	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagdadala	dala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagdadasal	dasal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagdagdag	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagdala	dala	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagdaragdag	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagdasal	dasal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagdidilig	dilig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagdilig	dilig	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagfwan	iwan	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaggagamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaggagamot	gamot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaggagastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinaggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaggamot	gamot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaggastahan	gasta	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinaggugupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaggupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghagis	hagis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghahagis	hagis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghahalo'	halo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghahanda'	handa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghahandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
pinaghahatid	hatid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghalo'	halo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghanda'	handa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Perf.
pinaghatid	hatid	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghihiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghihintay	hintay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghihinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghihiwa	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaghintay	hintay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghugas	hugas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaghuhugas	hugas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagigising	gising	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagiinit	init	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagiintindi	intindi	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagiipon	ipon	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagiisip	isip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagiisipan	isip	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinagiiwan	iwan	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaginit	init	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagintindi	intindi	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagipon	ipon	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagising	gising	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagisip	isip	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagisipan	isip	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinaglaba	laba	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Perf.
pinaglabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglagay	lagay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Perf.
pinaglalaba	laba	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglalabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglalagay	lagay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglalagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinaglalaruan	laro	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinaglaro'	laro	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglaro'	laro	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglaruan	laro	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinagligpit	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagliligpit	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglilinis	linis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglilipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglinis	linis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagluluto'	luto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaglulutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinagluto'	luto'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaglutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Perf.
pinagmamaneho	maneho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagmaneho	maneho	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagnakaw	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagnanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagod	pagod	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpaalam	alam	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpanas	punas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpapaalam	alam	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpapalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpapasok	pasok	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpapatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpasok	pasok	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpasyal	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagpinta	pinta	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpipilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinagpipinta	pinta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpuno'	puno'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagpupunas	punas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagpupuno'	puno'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagregalo	regalo	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagreregalo	regalo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsama	sama	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsara	sara	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsasama	sama	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsasara	sara	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsauli'	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsayaw	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagsisikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinagsugal	sugal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsunog	sunog	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsuot	suot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagsusugal	sugal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsusukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsusunog	sunog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagsusuot	suot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinagtaguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Perf.
pinagtakip	takip	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagtanim	tanim	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtanong	tanong	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtatago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtataguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinagtataguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinagtataguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinagtatakip	takip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtatakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinagtatanim	tanim	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtatanong	tanong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtatawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Imperf.
pinagtatawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtatayo	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Perf.
pinagtawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtinda	tinda	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtitignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinagtitinda	tinda	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagtitingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinagtrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtratrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagturol	turo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagtuturo'	turo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagugulat	gulat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagugupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinagulat	gulat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagulo	gulo	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinagupitan	gupit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinagusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Perf.
pinaguumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaguusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Imperf.
pinahaba'	haba'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinahabol	habol	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahahaba'	haba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinahahabol	habol	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahahalik	halik	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahahanap	hanap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahaharap	harap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahawak	hawak	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahalik	halik	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahanap	hanap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaharap	harap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahawak	hawak	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahihiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahihigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahihinga	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahihingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahihingi'	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahihinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahihintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahihiram	hiram	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahihiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinahila	hila	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahinga	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Perf.
pinahingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinahingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahiram	hiram	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinahiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinahugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Cont.
pinahugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinahuhugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinahuhuli	huli	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinahuli	huli	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaibig	ibig	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaiibig	ibig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaiinom	inom	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaiiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaiiyak	iyak	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinainom	inom	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaiyak	iyak	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakagat	kagat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinakain	kain	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakakagat	kagat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinakakain	kain	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinakakanta	kanta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakakantahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinakakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinakanta	kanta	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinakikilos	kilos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakikinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinakikitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinakikiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinakilos	kilos	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinakitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinakitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinakiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinakokopya	kopya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakokopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinakopya	kopya	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinakuha	kuha	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinakuhanan	kuha	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinakukuha	kuha	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinakunan	kuha	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinalabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalaban	laban	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinalagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinalakad	lakad	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalakas	lakas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalakas	lakas	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalaki	laki	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalaki	palaki	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinalalabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalaban	laban	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinalalakad	lakad	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalakas	lakas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalakas	lakas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalaki	laki	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalaki	palaki	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalamig	lamig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalalangoy	langoy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalapit	lapit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalalapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinalalayo'	layo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalamig	lamig	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalangoy	langoy	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalantsa	plantsa	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinalapit	lapit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinalayo'	layo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinaliko'	liko'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinaliligaw	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaliligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaliliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinaliliko'	liko'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalilipad	lipad	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinalilipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinalipad	lipad	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinalipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinalitan	palit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinalitan	palit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinanakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinanalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pinanalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinananakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinananalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinangakuan	pangako	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinanggagalingan	galing	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinanggalingan	galing	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinangingiti'	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinangingitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinangitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinanonood	panood	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinanood	panood	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinansin	pansin	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinapaabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaakyatan	akyat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaalabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
pinapaalagaan	alaga'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapaalalahanan	alala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaasa	asa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaayusan	ayos	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapababa'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapababaan	baba'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabalikan	balik	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabalitaan	balita'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabasa	basa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapabasag	basag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapabasahan	basa	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabati'	bati'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapabayaran	bayad	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabigyan	bigay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabihisan	bihis	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabilang	bilang	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapabilhan	bili	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapabili	bili	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapabuhat	buhat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapadagdagan	dagdag	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapadalaw	dalaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapadalhan	dala	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapadasalan	dasal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapadiligan	dilig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapagaabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaalala	alala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaaral	aral	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaaway	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Imperf.
pinapagaayos	ayos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagaksayahan	aksaya	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagalala	alala	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagalaw	galaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaling	galing	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagalis	alis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagalit	galit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagalitan	galit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagamit	gamit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagampanan	ganap	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapaganap	ganap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaganda	ganda	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapagandahan	ganda	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaganti	ganti	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagantihan	ganti	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagaral	aral	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagasta	gasta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagawa'	gawa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagaway	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Perf.
pinapagayos	ayos	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbaba'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbababa	baba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbabalik	balik	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbabalita'	balita'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbabawal	bawal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbabayad	bayad	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbalik	balik	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbalita'	balita'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbawal	bawal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbawalan	bawal	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapagbayad	bayad	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbibigay	bigay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbibihis	bihis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbigay	bigay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbihis	bihis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbubukas	bukas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbubura	bura	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagbukas	bukas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagbura	bura	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagdadala	dala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagdadasal	dasal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagdagdag	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagdala	dala	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagdaragdag	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagdasal	dasal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagdidilig	dilig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagdilig	dilig	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaggagamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaggagamot	gamot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapaggamot	gamot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaggupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaggupit	gupit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghagis	hagis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghahagis	hagis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghahalo'	halo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghahanda'	handa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghahandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Imperf.
pinapaghahatid	hatid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghalo'	halo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghanda'	handa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Perf.
pinapaghandaan	handa'	Indicative-BF-Imperf.
pinapaghatid	hatid	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghihiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghihintay	hintay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghihinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghihiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaghintay	hintay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghugas	hugas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaghuhugas	hugas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagiinit	init	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagiintindi	intindi	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagiipon	ipon	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagiisip	isip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagiiwan	iwan	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaginit	init	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagintindi	intindi	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagipon	ipon	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagising	gising	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagisip	isip	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagiwan	iwan	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglaba	laba	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglaban	laban	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapaglabanan	laban	Indicative-RF-Imperf.
pinapaglabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglagay	lagay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglagyan	lagay	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinapaglalaba	laba	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglalaban	laban	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaglalabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglalagay	lagay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglalaro'	laro	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglalaruan	laro	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapaglaro'	laro	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglaruan	laro	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinapaglfpat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagligpit	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagliligpit	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglilinis	linis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglilipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaglinis	linis	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagluluto'	luto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagluto'	luto'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapaglutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinapagmamaneho	maneho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagmaneho	maneho	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagnakaw	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagnanakaw	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagod	pagod	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpaalam	alam	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpapaalam	alam	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpapalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpapasok	pasok	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpapasyal	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpapasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagpapatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpaplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpasok	pasok	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpasyal	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapagpatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpilian	pili'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagpinta	pinta	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpipinta	pinta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpunas	punas	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpuno'	puno'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagpupunas	punas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagpupuno'	puno'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagregalo	regalo	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagreregalo	regalo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsama	sama	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsara	sara	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsasama	sama	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsasara	sara	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsasauli'	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsasaya	saya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsasayaw	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsauli'	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsaya	saya	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsayaw	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsikapan	sikap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagsugal	sugal	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsunog	sunog	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsuot	suot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagsusugal	sugal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsusukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsusunog	sunog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagsusuot	suot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinapagtakip	takip	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapagtakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinapagtakpan	takip	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinapagtamnan	tanim	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinapagtanim	tanim	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtaniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinapagtanong	tanong	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtatago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtataguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagtataguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapagtatakip	takip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtatakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagtatakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapagtatamnan	tanim	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapagtatanim	tanim	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtataniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapagtatanong	tanong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtatawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtatrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtawanan	tawa	Intensive-DF-Imperf.
pinapagtawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtinda	tinda	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtitinda	tinda	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagtrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtratrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagturo'	turo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagtuturo'	turo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagulat	gulat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagulo	gulo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapagumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapagupitan	gupit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapagusapan	usap	Indicative-RfF-Imperf.
pinapaguumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaguuwi	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaguwi'	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapahaba'	haba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahabaan	haba'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapahabol	habol	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahagisan	hagis	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahalik	halik	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahalikan	halik	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahaluan	halo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahanap	hanap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahanapan	hanap	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaharap	harap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahawak	hawak	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahawakan	hawak	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahigaan	higa	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahila	hila	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahinga	hinga	Aptative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahingan	hingi'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahingi'	hingi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahintuan	hinto'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahiram	hiram	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapahiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapahugasan	hugas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapahuli	huli	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaibig	ibig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapainom	inom	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaiwanan	iwan	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaiyak	iyak	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakagat	kagat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakagatan	kagat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakain	kain	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakalimutan	limot	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapakanta	kanta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakantahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakasalan	kasal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakilos	kilos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakinggan	pakinig	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakitaan	kita	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakiusapan	pakiusap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakopya	kopya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakopyahan	kopya	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakuha	kuha	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapakuhanan	kuha	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapakunan	kuha	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapalabahan	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalaban	laban	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalabhan	laba	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalagyan	lagay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapalakad	lakad	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalakas	lakas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalakas	lakas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalaki	laki	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalaki	palaki	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalamig	lamig	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalangoy	langoy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalapit	lapit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalapitan	lapit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapalayol	layo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaligaw	ligaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaligawan	ligaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaliguan	paligo'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinapaliguan	paligo'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapaliko'	liko'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalipad	lipad	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapalipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapalitan	palit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapalitan	palit	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinapalitan	palit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapalitan	palit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapanahi'	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Perf.
pinapanakawan	nakaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapanalo	panalo	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapanalunan	panalo	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapananahi'	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Imperf.
pinapangako	pangako	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapangakuan	pangako	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapangakuan	pangako	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapangiti'	ngiti	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapangitian	ngiti	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapanonood	panood	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapanood	panood	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapanood	panood	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapansin	pansin	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapapagabot	abot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagaksaya	aksaya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagakyat	akyat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagalaga'	alaga'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagalala	alala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagalas	alis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagaral	aral	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagaway	away	Causative-A2F-PL-Imperf.
pinapapagayos	ayos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbaba'	baba'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbalik	balik	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbalita'	balita'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbawal	bawal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbawalan	bawal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapagbayad	bayad	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbigay	bigay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbihis	bihis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbukas	bukas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagbura	bura	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagdagdag	dagdag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagdala	dala	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagdasal	dasal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagdilig	dilig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaggamitan	gamit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapaggamot	gamot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghagis	hagis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghalo'	halo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghanda'	handa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghandaan	handa'	Causative-BF-Imperf.
pinapapaghatid	hatid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghiga'	higa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghintay	hintay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghinto'	hinto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghiwa'	hiwa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaghugas	hugas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaginit	init	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagintindi	intindi	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagipon	ipon	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagisip	isip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagiwan	iwan	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglaba	laba	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglaban	laban	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapaglabas	labas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglagay	lagay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglaro'	laro	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagligpit	ligpit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglinis	linis	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaglipat	lipat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagluto'	luto'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagmaneho	maneho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagnakaw	nakaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpaalam	alam	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpasok	pasok	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpasyal	pasyal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpasyalan	pasyal	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapagpatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpinta	pinta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagplantsa	plantsa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpunas	punas	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagpuno'	puno'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagregalo	regalo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsama	sama	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsara	sara	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsauli'	sauli'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsaya	saya	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsayaw	sayaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsugal	sugal	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsunog	sunog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagsuot	suot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapagtaguan	tago'	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapapagtakip	takip	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtakpan	takip	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapagtakpan	takip	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapapagtanim	tanim	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtaniman	tanim	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapapagtanong	tanong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtinda	tinda	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagtrabaho	trabaho	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagturo'	turo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapagumpisa	umpisa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaguwi	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapapaliguan	paligo'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapapalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapapalitan	palit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapalitan	palit	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapapanahi'	tahi'	Causative-Distributive-A1F-Imperf.
pinapapanalo	panalo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapangako	pangako	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapangakuan	pangako	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapanood	panood	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapapaligo'	paligo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapapalit	palit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapapasalihan	sali	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapapasalubungan	pasalubong	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapasok	pasok	Causative-AF-Imperf.
pinapapasukan	pasok	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapatago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapili	pili'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapilit	pilit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapunasan	punas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapapunit	punit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapapunta	punta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapapuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaputol	putol	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaparaan	daan	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaparegaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaparinggan	dinig	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaparinig	dinig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasagot	sagot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasakay	sakay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasakay	sakay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinapasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinapasali	sali	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasali	sali	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasalihan	sali	Causative-LF-Perf.
pinapasalubong	salubong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasalubungan	pasalubong	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasama	sama	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasama'	sama'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasaraa	sama	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasasakyan	sakay	Causative-LF-Imperf.
pinapasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasira'	sira'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapasok	pasok	Causative-AF-Perf.
pinapasok	pasok	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasukan	pasok	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapasukan	pasok	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasulat	sulat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasunod	sunod	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapasuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapasyalan	pasyal	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinapatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatakbo	takbo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatalon	talon	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatapos	tapos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatawa	tawa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatawag	tawag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapatawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatay	patay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapatigil	tigil	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapatignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapatikim	tikim	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapatingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatulog	tulog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatulong	tulong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapatuloy	patuloy	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapatulungan	tulong	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapaupo'	upo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapaupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapauwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapayakap	yakap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapili	pili'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapilit	pilit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapipili	pili'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapipilit	pilit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapipintahan	pinta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaplantsa	plantsa	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinapunasari	punas	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinapunit	punit	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinapunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapunta	punta	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinapuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinapuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinapupunasan	punas	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinapupunit	punit	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapupunitan	punit	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapupunta	punta	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapupuntahan	punta	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinapuputol	putol	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinapuputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaputol	putol	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinaputulan	putol	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaraan	daan	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinararaan	daan	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinaregaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinareregaluhan	regalo	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaringgan	dinig	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinaringgan	dinig	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinarinig	dinig	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinariringgan	dinig	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaririnig	dinig	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasagot	sagot	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasakay	sakay	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasakay	sakay	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Perf.
pinasali	sali	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasali	sali	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasalihan	sali	Indicative-LF-Perf.
pinasalubong	salubong	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinasama	sama	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasama	sama	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinasama'	sama'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasasabihan	sabi	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasagot	sagot	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasasakay	sakay	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasasakay	sakay	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinasasakyan	sakay	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasakyan	sakay	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinasasali	sali	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasasali	sali	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinasasalihan	sali	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasalihan	sali	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
pinasasalubong	salubong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasasalubungan	pasalubong	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasama	sama	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasasama'	sama'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinasasamahan	sama	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasanta	sama	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinasasarahan	sara	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasarhan	sara	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasaulian	sauli'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasayawan	sayaw	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasigaw	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasira'	sira'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Cont.
pinasiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinasisigaw	sigaw	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasisigawan	sigaw	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasisira'	sira'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasisiraan	sira'	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinasok	pasok	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinasukan	pasok	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinasukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasulat	sulat	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinasulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasunod	sunod	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinasusukat	sukat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasusukatan	sukat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasusulat	sulat	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasusulatan	sulat	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasusundan	sunod	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasusunod	sunod	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinasusuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinasuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinasuutan	suot	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinasyalan	pasyal	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinatago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatahan	kanta	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatakbo	takbo	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatalon	talon	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatapos	tapos	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatatago'	tago'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatahi'	tahi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatakbo	takbo	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatalon	talon	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatanggap	tanggap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatapos	tapos	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatawa	tawa	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatawag	tawag	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinatatawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatatayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinatawa	tawa	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatawag	tawag	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatawagan	tawag	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatawid	tawid	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatay	patay	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinatayo'	tayo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinatayuan	tayo'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatigil	tigil	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinatigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatignan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinatikim	tikim	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinatikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatingnan	patingin	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinatitigil	tigil	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatitigilan	tigil	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinatitikim	tikim	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatitikman	tikim	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinatugtog	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatulog	tulog	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatulong	tulong	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinatuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinatulungan	tulong	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Cont.
pinaturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinatutugtog	tugtog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatutulog	tulog	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatutulong	tulong	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinatutuloy	tuloy	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinatutulungan	tulong	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinatuturuan	turo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinaumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Perf.
pinaunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinaupo'	upo'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinaupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinauumpisahan	umpisa	Causative-OF-Imperf.
pinauunawa'	unawa'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinauupan	upo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinauupo'	upo'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinauupuan	upo'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinauuwi'	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinauuwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Imperf.
pinauwi'	uwi'	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinauwian	uwi'	Causative-DF-Perf.
pinayakap	yakap	Causative-A2F-Perf.
pinayayakap	yakap	Causative-A2F-Imperf.
pinigil	pigil	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinili'	pili'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinilit	pilit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinintahan	pinta	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinipigil	pigil	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinipili'	pili'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinipilit	pilit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinipintahan	pinta	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinta	pinta	INFINITIVE
pintahan	pinta	Indicative-DF-Inf.
pinunasan	punas	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinunitan	punit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pinuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinupunasan	punas	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinupunit	punit	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinupunitan	punit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinupuno'	puno'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinupuntahan	punta	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinuputol	putol	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
pinuputulan	putol	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
pinutol	putol	Indicative-OF-Perf.
pinutulan	putol	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pipaglutuan	luto'	Indicative-LF-Cont.
pipahiraman	hiram	Causative-DF-Cont.
pipigilin	pigil	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pipili'	pili'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
pipiliin	pili'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pipilitin	pilit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pipintahan	pinta	Indicative-DF-Cont.
plantsa	plantsa	INFINITIVE
plantsahin	plantsa	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pumalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumansin	pansin	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumansin	pansin	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumapalit	palit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumapansin	pansin	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumapasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumapatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumasok	pasok	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumatay	patay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumili'	pili'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumili'	pili'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumipili'	pili'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Perf.
pumupunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumuputol	putol	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
pumutol	putol	Indicative-AF-Inf.
pumutol	putol	Indicative-AF-Perf.
punas	punas	INFINITIVE
punasan	punas	Indicative-OF-Inf.
punit	punit	INFINITIVE
punitan	punit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
punitin	punit	Indicative-OF-Inf.
puno'	puno'	INFINITIVE
punta	punta	INFINITIVE
puntahan	punta	Indicative-DF-Inf.
punuin	puno'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
pupunasan	punas	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pupunitan	punit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pupunitin	punit	Indicative-OF-Cont.
pupunta	punta	Indicative-AF-Cont.
pupuntahan	punta	Causative-A2F-Inf.
pupuntahan	punta	Indicative-DF-Cont.
pupuntahan	punta	Indicative-DF-Perf.
pupunuin	puno'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
puputol	putol	Indicative-AF-Cont.
puputulan	putol	Indicative-DF-Cont.
puputulin	putol	Indicative-OF-Cont.
putol	putol	INFINITIVE
putulan	putol	Indicative-DF-Inf.
putulin	putol	Indicative-OF-Inf.
regalo	regalo	INFINITIVE
regaluhan	regalo	Indicative-DF-Inf.
reregaluhan	regalo	Indicative-DF-Cont.
rinegaluhan	regalo	Indicative-DF-Perf.
rineregaluhan	regalo	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sabi	sabi	INFINITIVE
sabihan	sabi	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sabihin	sabi	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sagot	sagot	INFINITIVE
sagutin	sagot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sakay	sakay	INFINITIVE
sakit	sakit	INFINITIVE
saktan	sakit	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sakyan	sakay	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sali	sali	INFINITIVE
salihan	sali	Indicative-DF-Inf.
salita'	salita'	INFINITIVE
salubong	salubong	INFINITIVE
salubungin	salubong	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sama	sama	INFINITIVE
sama'	sama'	INFINITIVE
samahan	sama	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sara	sara	INFINITIVE
sarahan	sara	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sarhan	sara	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sasabihan	sabi	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasabihin	sabi	Indicative-OF-Cont.
sasagot	sagot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasagutin	sagot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasaktan	sakit	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasakyan	sakay	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasali	sali	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasalihan	sali	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasalubong	salubong	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasalubungin	salubong	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasama	sama	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasama'	sama'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasamahan	sama	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasara	sara	Indicative-OF-Cont.
sasarahan	sara	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasarhan	sara	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasaulian	sauli'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sasayawan	sayaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sasayawin	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Cont.
sauli'	sauli'	INFINITIVE
saullan	sauli'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
saya	saya	INFINITIVE
sayaw	sayaw	INFINITIVE
sayawan	sayaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sayawin	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sigaw	sigaw	INFINITIVE
sigawan	sigaw	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sikap	sikap	INFINITIVE
sikapin	sikap	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sinabi	sabi	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinabihan	sabi	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinagot	sagot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinaktan	sakit	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinakyan	sakay	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinalihan	sali	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinalubong	salubong	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinamahan	sama	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinarahan	sara	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinarhan	sara	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinasabi	sabi	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinasabihan	sabi	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasagot	sagot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasaktan	sakit	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasakyan	sakay	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasalihan	sali	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasalubong	salubong	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sinasalubong	salubong	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasamahan	sama	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasarahan	sara	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasarhan	sara	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasaulian	sauli'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinasayawan	sayaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinaulian	sauli'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinayaw	sayaw	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinayawan	sayaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinigawan	sigaw	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinikap	sikap	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
siniraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinisigawan	sigaw	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinisikap	sikap	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinisira'	sira'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinisiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinugal	sugal	Aptative-OF-Perf.
sinukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinulatan	sulat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinundan	sunod	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinunod	sunod	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sinunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sinusugal	sugal	Aptative-OF-Imperf.
sinusukat	sukat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinusukatan	sukat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinusulat	sulat	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinusulatan	sulat	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinusundan	sunod	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinusunod	sunod	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinusunog	sunog	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinusuot	suot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sinusuutan	suot	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
sinuutan	suot	Indicative-DF-Perf.
sira'	sira'	INFINITIVE
siraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sirain	sira'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sisigaw	sigaw	Indicative-AF-Cont.
sisigawan	sigaw	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sisikapan	sikap	Indicative-OF-Cont.
sisiraan	sira'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
sisirain	sira'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
sugal	sugal	INFINITIVE
sugalin	sugal	Aptative-OF-Inf.
sukat	sukat	INFINITIVE
sukatin	sukat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sukatin	sukat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sulat	sulat	INFINITIVE
sulatan	sulat	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sulatin	sulat	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sumagot	sagot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumagot	sagot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumali	sali	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumali	sali	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumalubong	salubong	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumalubong	salubong	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumama	sama	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumama	sama	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumama'	sama'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumama'	sama'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumara	sara	Indicative-OF-Inf.
sumara	sara	Indicative-OF-Perf.
sumasagot	sagot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasakay	sakay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasakit	sakit	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasali	sali	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasama	sama	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasama'	sama'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasara	sara	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
sumasaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumasayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumaya	saya	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumayaw	sayaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumigaw	sigaw	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumigaw	sigaw	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumisigaw	sigaw	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumulat	sulat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumulat	sulat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumunod	sunod	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumunod	sunod	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
sumuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
sumusukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumusulat	sulat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumusunod	sunod	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sumusuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
sundan	sunod	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sundin	sunod	Indicative-DF-Inf.
sunod	sunod	INFINITIVE
sunog	sunog	INFINITIVE
sunugin	sunog	Indicative-OF-Inf.
suot	suot	INFINITIVE
susugalin	sugal	Aptative-OF-Cont.
susukat	sukat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
susukatan	sukat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
susukatan	sukat	Indicative-DF-Perf.
susukatin	sukat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
susulat	sulat	Indicative-AF-Cont.
susulatan	sulat	Indicative-DF-Cont.
susulatin	sulat	Indicative-OF-Cont.
susundan	sunod	Indicative-DF-Cont.
susundin	sunod	Indicative-DF-Cont.
susunod	sunod	Indicative-AF-Cont.
susunugin	sunog	Indicative-OF-Cont.
susuot	suot	Indicative-AF-Cont.
susuutan	suot	Indicative-DF-Cont.
susuutin	suot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
suutan	suot	Indicative-DF-Inf.
suutin	suot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tago'	tago'	INFINITIVE
taguan	tago'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
taguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Inf.
taguin	tago'	Causative-A2F-Inf.
tahi'	tahi'	INFINITIVE
tahiin	tahi'	Indicative-OF-Inf.
takbo	takbo	INFINITIVE
takbuhan	takbo	Indicative-DF-Inf.
takbuhin	takbo	Indicative-DF-Inf.
takip	takip	INFINITIVE
takot	takot	INFINITIVE
takpan	takip	Indicative-OF-Inf.
takutin	takot	Indicative-OF-Inf.
talo	talo	INFINITIVE
talon	talon	INFINITIVE
talunan	talon	Indicative-LF-Inf.
talunin	talo	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tamnan	tanim	Indicative-LF-Inf.
tanggap	tanggap	INFINITIVE
tanggapin	tanggap	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tanim	tanim	INFINITIVE
taniman	tanim	Indicative-LF-Inf.
tanong	tanong	INFINITIVE
tanungin	tanong	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tapos	tapos	INFINITIVE
tapusin	tapos	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tataguan	tago'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tataguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Cont.
tatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatahiin	tahi'	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tatakbo	takbo	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatakbuhan	takbo	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatakbuhin	takbo	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatakpan	takip	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tatakutin	takot	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tatalon	talon	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatalunan	talon	Indicative-LF-Cont.
tatalunin	talo	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatamnan	tanim	Indicative-LF-Cont.
tatanggap	tanggap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatanggapin	tanggap	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tataniman	tanim	Indicative-LF-Cont.
tatanungin	tanong	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatapusin	tapos	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tatawa	tawa	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatawag	tawag	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatawanan	tawa	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tatawirin	tawid	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tatayuan	tayo'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tatrabahuhin	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tawa	tawa	INFINITIVE
tawag	tawag	INFINITIVE
tawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tawanan	tawa	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tawid	tawid	INFINITIVE
tawirin	tawid	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tayo'	tayo'	INFINITIVE
tayuan	tayo'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tigil	tigil	INFINITIVE
tigilan	tigil	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tignan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tikim	tikim	INFINITIVE
tikman	tikim	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tinaguan	tago'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinaguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Perf.
tinahi'	tahi'	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinakbo	takbo	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinakbuhan	takbo	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinakot	takot	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinakpan	takip	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinalo	talo	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinalunan	talon	Indicative-LF-Perf.
tinamnan	tanim	Indicative-LF-Perf.
tinanggap	tanggap	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinaniman	tanim	Indicative-LF-Perf.
tinanong	tanong	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinapos	tapos	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinataguan	tago'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinataguan	tago'	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
tinatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinatakbo	takbo	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatakbuhan	takbo	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatakot	takot	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinatakpan	takip	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinatalo	talo	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatalunan	talon	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
tinatamnan	tanim	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
tinatanggap	tanggap	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinataniman	tanim	Indicative-LF-Imperf.
tinatanong	tanong	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatapos	tapos	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinatawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatawanan	tawa	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatawid	tawid	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatayuan	tayo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinatrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinawagan	tawag	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinawanan	tawa	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinawid	tawid	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinayuan	tayo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinda	tinda	INFINITIVE
tingin	tingin	INFINITIVE
tingnan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tinigilan	tigil	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinignan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinikman	tikim	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tinikman	tikim	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tiningnan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinitigilan	tigil	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinitignan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinitikman	tikim	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinitingnan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tinulugan	tulog	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinuruan	turo'	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tinutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tinutulugan	tulog	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinutulungan	tulong	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
tinuturuan	turo'	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
titigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Cont.
titigilan	tigil	Indicative-DF-Cont.
titignan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Cont.
titikim	tikim	Indicative-AF-Cont.
titingin	tingin	Indicative-AF-Cont.
titingnan	tingin	Indicative-DF-Cont.
trabaho	trabaho	INFINITIVE
trabahuhin	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tratrabahuhin	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Cont.
trinabaho	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Inf.
trinatrabaho	trabaho	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tugtog	tugtog	INFINITIVE
tugtugin	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tulog	tulog	INFINITIVE
tulong	tulong	INFINITIVE
tuloy	tuloy	INFINITIVE
tulugan	tulog	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tulungan	tulong	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tumahi'	tahi'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumahi'	tahi'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumakbo	takbo	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumakbo	takbo	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumalon	talon	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumalon	talon	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumanggap	tanggap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumanggap	tanggap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumatahi'	tahi'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatakbo	takbo	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatalon	talon	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatanggap	tanggap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatawa	tawa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatawag	tawag	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumatawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tumatayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumawa	tawa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumawa	tawa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumawag	tawag	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumawag	tawag	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tumawid	tawid	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tumayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumayo'	tayo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumikim	tikim	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumikim	tikim	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumingin	tingin	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumingin	tingin	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumitigil	tigil	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumitikim	tikim	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumitingin	tingin	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumugtog	tugtog	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumugtog	tugtog	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Inf.
tumugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Perf.
tumulong	tulong	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumulong	tulong	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumuloy	tuloy	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tumuloy	tuloy	Indicative-AF-Inf.
tumuloy	tuloy	Indicative-AF-Perf.
tumutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Imperf.
tumutulong	tulong	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
tumutuloy	tuloy	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
turo'	turo'	INFINITIVE
turuan	turo'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
tuto	tuto	INFINITIVE
tutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tutugtog	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tutugtugin	tugtog	Indicative-OF-Cont.
tutulong	tulong	Indicative-AF-Cont.
tutulugan	tulog	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tutulungan	tulong	Indicative-DF-Cont.
tutulungan	tulong	Indicative-DF-Perf.
tuturuan	turo'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
umaabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umaakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umaalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umaasa	asa	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umabot	abot	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umakyat	akyat	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umalis	alis	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umasa	asa	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umasa	asa	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umibig	ibig	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umibig	ibig	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umiibig	ibig	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umiingay	ingay	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umiinit	init	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umiinom	inom	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umiiyak	iyak	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umingay	ingay	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umingay	ingay	Indicative-AF-Perf.
uminit	init	Indicative-AF-Inf.
uminit	init	Indicative-AF-Perf.
uminom	inom	Indicative-AF-Inf.
uminom	inom	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umiyak	iyak	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umiyak	iyak	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umpisa	umpisa	INFINITIVE
umpisahan	umpisa	Indicative-OF-Inf.
umupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
umuupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umuuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
umuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Inf.
umuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Perf.
unawa'	unawa'	INFINITIVE
unawain	unawa'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
upo'	upo'	INFINITIVE
upuan	upo'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
usap	usap	INFINITIVE
uumpisahan	umpisa	Indicative-OF-Cont.
uunawain	unawa'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
uupo'	upo'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
uupuan	upo'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
uuwi'	uwi'	Indicative-AF-Cont.
uuwian	uwi'	Indicative-DF-Cont.
uwi'	uwi'	INFINITIVE
uwian	uwi'	Indicative-DF-Inf.
yakap	yakap	INFINITIVE
yakapin	yakap	Indicative-DF-Inf.
yayakap	yakap	Indicative-AF-Cont.
yayakapin	yakap	Indicative-DF-Cont.
yinakap	yakap	Indicative-DF-Perf.
yinayakap	yakap	Indicative-DF-Imperf.
yumakap	yakap	Indicative-AF-Inf.
yumakap	yakap	Indicative-AF-Perf.
yumayakap	yakap	Indicative-AF-Imperf.
